 
You die; I die – Love Poems - Part 2

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my above mentioned Book , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

### 

###

###

### Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

About The Poetry Book - This Book which has 50 differently titled Poems , is actually Part 2 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. TRUE AND IMMORTAL LOVER.

2. OUR DIVINELY HONEYMOON.  
3. WHEN WE FELL IN LOVE

4. ONLY IN MY MEMORIES.

5. AS YOU FELL INTO THE GORGE OF IMMORTAL LOVE

6. COMMIT THIS SIN. AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN.

7. IN RETURN.

8. TRUE HISTORY SHALL FOREVER BE CREATED

9. THE DRESS IN PURE AND POWERFUL BLACK

10. TOO ROMANTIC IS TOO GOOD

11. THE MOST IMMORTAL OF THEM ALL

12. SOMETIMES

13. I WAS SURE TO FALL IN LOVE   
14. NEVER SAY DIE   
15. JUST A MINUTE AGO   
16. PLEASE COME SOON   
17. MY HEART DICTATED ME   
18. MORE THAN GOD COULD HAVE MISSED EARTH   
19. BIND US TOGETHER   
20. WHEN I LOST MY LOVE

21. WHEN IN LOVE

22. IN ORDER TO REPAIR   
23. THE ARROW OF LOVE   
24. GLASS OF LOVE   
25. THE TENACITY OF MY LOVE

26. YOU LIVED IN MY HEART   
27. ROPE OF LOVE   
28. THE FIRST TIME

29. POLISH

30. IF I WERE TO CHOOSE   
31. WHEN WE TALK ABOUT LOVE   
32. THE ONLY PERSON   
33. I WOULD STILL CONSIDER MYSELF THE RICHEST

34. WOULD YOU EVER BELIEVE   
35. WHILE PASSING BY HER HOUSE

36. YOU CAN NEVER BREAK OUR PERPETUAL LOVE

37. NOSTALGIA   
38. ONE MUST LEARN

39. YOU WERE MY HEART BEAT   
40. TOOLS

41. THE ONLY BEAT I POSSESSED   
42. INCOMPLETE   
43. LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT   
44. I LOVED YOU AND STILL HATED YOU   
45. WHAT THE ENTIRE WEALTH COULDN'T PURCHASE   
46. BROKEN HEARTS   
47. I NEEDED TO DIE   
48. ONE INSTANT   
49. SHE WASNT BOTHERED.

50. INSPIRED ME ALL THE MORE.

1. TRUE AND IMMORTAL LOVER.

You entered my disastrously impoverished veins; which were staggering on the brink of lame extinction; like the poignantly priceless and ultimate bloodstream; of my solitary existence,

You entered my gruesomely empty palms; which were quavering towards the realms of horrendous oblivion; like the invincibly unflinching and ultimate destiny; of my bedraggled existence,

You entered my haplessly diminishing eyes; which were painstakingly wailing towards the midnight of irrevocable blackness; like the victoriously undefeated and ultimate vision; of my floundering existence,

You entered my devastatingly collapsing shoulders; which were prejudiced by the castrated onslaught of the manipulative society; like the compassionately unshakable and ultimate fortitude; of my deteriorating existence,

You entered my pathetically distorted fingers; which were maimed by brutal plagiarism all around; like the triumphantly insuperable and ultimate artistry; of my invisible existence,

You entered my ghoulishly parched throat; which was dismally stuttering like a hoarsely dying frog; like the unconquerably blissful and ultimate voice; of my dwindling existence,

You entered my deliriously estranged brain; which was ruthlessly imprisoned by nothing else but a corpse of livid meaninglessness; like the beautifully silken and ultimate fantasy; of my preposterous existence,

You entered my inexplicably thwarted ears; which were fecklessly bombarded by solely the sounds of hopelessness; like the infallibly symbiotic and ultimate sounds; of my truncated existence,

You entered my drearily beleaguered feet; which were aimlessly squandering towards the mortuaries of asphyxiating hell; like the unassailably philanthropic and ultimate mission; of my evaporating existence,

You entered my penuriously trembling chest; which was barbarously orphaned by every speck of this commercially treacherous planet; like the inimitably bountiful and ultimate savior; of my incarcerated existence,

You entered my lackadaisically amorphous lips; which were divested of the tiniest affinity since decades immemorial; like the miraculously ameliorating and ultimate smile; of my waywardly existence,

You entered my severely lambasted cheeks; which were bludgeoned left; right and unsparing center by the infinite kicks of mundane society; like the wondrously enamoring and ultimate blush; of my victimized existence,

You entered my agonizingly holocaustic soul; which was cancerously enslaved by the non-existent spirit of the rampaging devil; like the ubiquitously bounteous and ultimate divinity; of my disappearing existence,

You entered my inexplicably emaciated skin; which was horrendously frozen to the last bone of the ludicrous spine; like the magically proliferating and ultimate virility; of my condensed existence,

You entered my lugubriously flailing chin; which was wantonly leaning infront of the coffins of utterly penalizing despondency; like the unshakably brilliant and ultimate hope; of my indecipherable existence,

You entered my nervously fluttering shadow; which was the most glaring exemplification of failure on this fathomless Universe; like the brilliantly unfettered and ultimate Sun; of my ragamuffin existence,

You entered my uncannily slavering tongue; which was being rapaciously coerced to slaver for all that is sinful on this parasitic globe; like the undauntedly celestial and ultimate conviction; of my minuscule existence,

You entered my maniacally gasping nostril; which inhaled nothing else but unbearably despicable corruption on this cold-blooded earth; like the perennially blossoming and ultimate freshness; of my gaunt existence,

You entered my traumatically directionless heart; which had become wholesomely oblivious to the palpitation of unceasing desire; like the resplendently Omnipotent and ultimate friendship; of my thinning existence,

And after entering each conceivable pore and cranny of my existence;

made me yours and only yours forever; true and Immortal Lover .

2. OUR DIVINELY HONEYMOON.

Never before did our lips kiss each other with such unconquerable intensity; unstoppably exploring each other's profoundly exhilarating ravines of sweetness; as if there wasn't going to be another instant to live,

Never before did our eyes stare at each other with such unparalleled fervor; celestially deciphering a countless inscrutable enigmas in the ocean of innocuously fluttering white and mesmerizing black,

Never before did our fingers intertwine in each other with such unbreakable tenacity; uniting for a boundless more lifetimes yet to unveil; just in those fugitive instants of time,

Never before did our cheeks abrade against each other with such unlimited yearning; turn a shade more crimson than the sensuously setting Sun; to yearn even more than infinity for each other,

Never before did our napes feel each other with such unfathomable ardor; gloriously plunging into the deepest gorges of untamed exhilaration; to evolve a whole new civilization of companionship,

Never before did our navels intermingle in each other with such unmatched yearning; brilliantly transcending over every other conceivable definition of pleasure and pain; on this eternally blessed earth,

Never before did our spines lean against each other with such insuperable magic; letting every damned inhibition liberate forever and ever and ever into fathomless bits of reinvigorating blue sky,

Never before did our bloodstreams crave for each other with such undefeated vigor; wanting to unite as a singleton signature of unabashed humanitarian compassion; for times beyond an infinite lifetimes,

Never before did our eyelashes long for each other with such unshakable temerity; perennially wanting to keep only each other's reflection entrapped within the silken hair; so that even the most tantalizing of alien distraction crumbled to inane ash,

Never before did our chests caress each other with such triumphant fire; letting an ocean of overpoweringly undying ecstasy; blissfully mélange with every perceivable ingredient of existence,

Never before did our feet tickle each other with such infallible mischief; fomenting us to explode into uninterrupted skies of laughter; even in the most staring face of inexplicable misery and duress,

Never before did our elbows nudge each other with such wondrous enthrallment; adroitly executing every cognizable insinuation under the sky; to perpetually attract our spirits to become one,

Never before did our palms lock into each other with such unshakable camaraderie; allowing only the lines of our invincibly everlasting friendship; become the ultimate bifurcations of our destiny,

Never before did our tongues lap each other with such unending desire; savoring the inimitable melody of our distinct creations; to give fresh birth to even the most wildest dreams of our impoverished lives,

Never before did our Adams apple bump into each other with such insatiable madness; leading every moment of life as the very best of mates; standing unflinchingly and laughing against the most ferocious of holocausts,

Never before did our shoulders hug each other with such unbridled magnetism; assimilating every miraculously palpable warmth of destined life; in the invisible gap between our breathless bosoms,

Never before did our thighs crush each other with such untamed rampancy; exuding into an unsurpassable inferno of untapped virility; romancing till the last star twinkled in the wee hours of dawn,

Never before did our nostrils inhale each other with such victorious enthusiasm; wholesomely making the inherent scents of our personalities; the sole mantra and inspiration to fearlessly live and die,

Never before did our hearts palpitate for each other with such uncontrollable excitement; with each beat immortalizing the essence of our love towards the furthermost epitome of god's paradise,

As they did and perennially continued to do; on our very first and

divinely honeymoon .

3. WHEN WE FELL IN LOVE

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her eyes was profoundly compassionate innocence; whilst at the same time all that sheraunchily saw in mine; was nothing else but the umpteenth reflections of palaces brilliantly lit in lamps of gold,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her lips was wondrously unbridled passion; whilst at the same time all that she unthinkably saw in mine; was nothing else but the remnants of the unfathomably costly royal fruit sticking to its nimble contours,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her palms was every infinitesimal line of my destiny; whilst at the same time all that she licentiously saw in mine; was nothing else but the royal triangles/squares/islands of infinite wealth; prosperity and fame,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her feet was intrinsically poignant and intricate wrinkles of adventure; whilst at the same time all that she tawdrily saw in mine; was nothing else but the golden dust adhering to the soles; which I'd inadvertently carried from my treasuries of gold,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her belly was the ultimate shivers of unparalleled seduction; whilst at the same time all that she flagrantly saw in mine; was nothing else but the aristocratic paste and beads of sandalwood that rose and fell with each of my breath,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her voice was an unbelievably enamoring melody of friendliness; whilst at the same time all that she diabolically saw in mine; was nothing else but the boundless number of places I divulged; wherein I'd invested each penny of my wealth,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her nape was invincibly ameliorating beads sensuality; whilst at the same time all that she carnivorously saw in mine; was nothing else but the unimaginable number of chains of pure diamond; emerald and shimmering silver,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her hair was bountifully silken webs of insatiable magic; whilst at the same time all that she lividly saw in mine; was nothing else but the unconquerably diamond studded crown; fervently alluring every organism alike,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her shoulders was innumerable vignettes of the different inscrutable shades of life; whilst at the same time all that she beguilingly saw in mine; was nothing else but the royal cloak of "His Majesty"; that people had

learnt to spuriously bow to,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her ears was a gorge of infallibly priceless sensitivity; whilst at the same time all that she treacherously saw in mine; was nothing else but the countless earrings of princely pearl; that had been so fondly draped upon me by the civilizations under my rule,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her brain was unceasingly intriguing whirlpools of voluptuous fantasy; whilst at the same time all that she salaciously saw in mine; was nothing else but the dynamic visions I harbored to forever survive as the richest man on earth divine,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her flesh was the uncanny way in which it spell-bindingly retracted upon the nimblest of my caress; whilst at the same time all that she parasitically saw in mine; was nothing else but the world's costliest ornaments

incorrigibly clinging and clanging all the time,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her fingers was a sky of fathomlessly untainted artistry; whilst at the same time all that she deplorably saw in mine; was nothing else but my signature which adroitly flowed; upon each blank space of the bank and unlimited checkbook,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her forehead was the symbiotic divinity of Omnipotent creation; whilst at the same time all that she wretchedly saw in mine; was nothing else but the birthmark of being the richest; as it was visible to all on the planet except my very own impoverished self,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her underarms was an undefeated ocean of triumphant sweat; whilst at the same time all that she frigidly saw in mine; was nothing else but the fragrance emanating from the best of branded designer and kingly perfumes,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her spine was perennially rekindling electricity; whilst at the same time all that she rapaciously saw in mine; was nothing else but the undyingly glittering and star studded throne; upon which it leaned for countless a lifetime,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her blood was the fire of insuperably united existence; whilst at the same time all that she bizarrely saw in mine; was nothing else but blue blooded nobility; which inexhaustibly circulated through a network of aristocratic veins,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her breath was an inferno of longing that existed even after death; whilst at the same time all that she pathetically saw in mine; was nothing else but the domineering status and authority; to which millions in my kingdom danced all night and day,

When we fell in love; all I could sight in her heart was the absolute pinnacle of Immortally celestial love; whilst at the same time all that she sadistically saw in mine; was nothing else but the unimaginable fortune I'd shower solely upon her; in my perpetual state of being an emotional fool .

4. ONLY IN MY MEMORIES.

She was a girl; who wouldn't ever dream of exploiting all those weaknesses of mine; that she'd inevitably come to know after clinging close to my compassionate chest all these years,

She was a girl; who knew exactly what to speak to me at the right moment; never even once thwarting my senses with inexplicably stabbing taunts and comments,

She was a girl; who wiped each of my tears with her everlasting kisses; standing unflinchingly beside me; in my times of disaster and duress; never making me feel that men hadn't the right to cry,

She was a girl; who adroitly knew how to mollify my ravenous palette; cooking every known delicacy under the Sun; to eventually share the same with me; befriending me forever in her silken lap,

She was a girl; who never even once criticized me for my bizarrely dwindling finances; stood abreast me like the rock of Gibraltar; when the entire world outside had pounced upon me like an insipid mouse,

She was a girl; who listened patiently for hours immemorial to even the most oblivious whisper of my heart; inexhaustibly appreciating me for what I originally was; and not for what the world had made of me in my moments of strife,

She was a girl; who idolized my feeling of self respect; never reaching out to even the closest of our kin for help; even though we continued to survive on fragments of rotten measly bread and in the gutter pipe,

She was a girl; who left all riches; relatives and everything else on this fathomless Universe; wanting nothing but to only bond with each beat of my fervently wailing heart,

She was a girl; who never minded my idiosyncratic shunting of the society and my preposterously eccentric lifestyle; truly commiserating as to what it was like being a fulltime artist and evolving fresh poetic rhyme,

She was a girl; who wholeheartedly joined me in my mission of reaching out to every fraternity of living kind; donating even the last ounce of our blood to the betterment of all those breathing under the sky,

She was a girl; who wasn't afraid in voicing her opinion if I was unwittingly drifting towards malice; enlightening every subjugated aspect of my existence; with the triumphantly optimistic cadence of her voice,

She was a girl; who ardently worshipped me as I did to her; immediately after our prayers first to the Omnipotent Almighty Lord; and to our respective parents who bestowed us with the first scream of life,

She was a girl; who would never dream of telling me a lie; never betray me even though I was severely maimed and blind; even as the closest of my blood relation left me for exploring more exciting new vistas of life,

She was a girl; who could amazingly comprehend the tiniest of my desires; by glimpsing just for a fraction of a second; into the twinkling whites of my roving eye,

She was a girl; who instead of ridiculing me everytime I floundered in life; gave me the invincible Herculean temerity; the inspiration to forever massacre the devil with the undying flame of truth in my soul,

She was a girl; who never retaliated even once at the angriest of my outburst; understanding my sporadic frustration; and covering my lips with a billion kisses to metamorphose my fierceness into a cloud of symbiotic love,

She was a girl; who gracefully acknowledged my deep and insuperable love for my mother; perfectly knowing that her place was always reigning supreme in each of my immortally volatile heartbeats,

She was a girl; who inseparably bonded each breath of hers with mine; whilst it was victoriously living; and even when it started to uncannily stutter to enter into the graveyards of death,

She was a girl; who shared my passion of giving birth to as many offsprings as we could; contributing our very best in the newness and ecstatically uninhibited proliferation of the gigantic Universe,

She was a girl; who couldn't exist even a minute without my heartbeat close to hers; who most certainly died alive even if I unknowinglydrifted my mischievous stare towards another of her kind,

She was a girl; who could recognize me wholesomely blindfolded; amongst zillions of other men strolling silently around; just by my fleeting stride; just by the aroma of the most diminutive droplet of sweat on my arms,

Unfortunately she was a girl; and would always remain a girl who existed only in my memories-as my ideal life-partner; in today's sacrilegiously robotic and commercially discriminating world outside .

5. AS YOU FELL INTO THE GORGE OF IMMORTAL LOVE

It made you feel as if you were reborn a countless times out of inane nothingness; as the most unassailably euphoric king of all times and with the reins of your compassion brilliantly harnessing the entire planet,

It made you feel as if the Sun never ever dolefully set; with the astoundingly ameliorating brightness of exuberant life; perpetually prevailing over every nook and cranny of this majestic planet,

It made you feel as if there were fires of untamed passion; profoundly rekindling the surface of lividly limp and frigid water; swirling unfettered towards the highest epitome of fathomless blue sky,

It made you feel as if even the most wee hours of morbid midnight; bountifully chanted the mantra of ever-pervading fertility; replenishing each impoverished nerve of existence with the enchantment of creation galore,

It made you feel as if each denomination of currency and wealth on the globe was trapped in your outstretched palms; whereas there was nothing but maimed devastation to confront till boundless kilometers of your visage; in pragmatic reality,

It made you feel as if even the most aridly acrimonious patches of the desert; bloomed perennially with priceless roses and lilies; and unceasing springs of sparkling water; merrily sprouted from each granule of sweltering sand,

It made you feel as if the very definition of inexplicable misery; had forever been erased from the complexion of this boundless earth; although countless of your kind suffered in the agony of horrendous solitariness; just beside your every stride,

It made you feel as if there was nothing but the religion of humanity conquering everything on planet earth; although innumerable spat hostile blood on your face every minute; thoroughly quagmired with the discrepancies of religion; caste; creed and kind,

It made you feel that there was no significance at all of the word "I" on this motley planet; when infact there was so much to learn and imbibe; from the triumphant goodness lingering in each organisms life,

It made you feel that time had come to an absolute standstill; and the most adorable moments of your childhood and life; came galloping back once again to you; to stay for a countless lifetimes,

It made you feel that irrespective of whether or not you'd achieved even a single stone in your entire lifetime; you still were the richest organism existing; for speaking the truth and just being your very own original impeccable self,

It made you feel the most uncannily inscrutable shivers of adventure; even in the broadest of sweltering daylight; and with the most unscrupulous battalion of cars; traffic and robotically venomous smoke hovering around,

It made you feel as if the form of Omnipotent God could be witnessed on every branch; nook; cranny and pebble on earth; though the irrevocably religious society had confined him only to the constraints of the Church; Monastery; Temple and Mosque,

It made you feel as if each streak of thunderously silver lightening which fell from sky; reborn you for an infinite births and with the most victorious of visage; wherein all it did was to numb you there and then itself to death before your time,

It made you feel as if there was unparalleled sensuality lingering in even the most deadened of corpses; which were nothing but a conglomerate of ghoulishly jinxed bones; fouling in the wretchedly wastrel graveyard,

It made you feel as if the entire world ran on the fingertips of the freshly born child; and it was the sheer power in his Omniscient eyes which could melt any heaven or hell; in fractions of seconds alike,

It made you feel as if the whole planet was nothing but ramifications of compassion; the voluptuous amalgamation of the male and female form; intertwined invincibly in waves of lust; for centuries unprecedented,

It made you feel as if there was nothing beyond your very own breath; as you burnt to a countless tantalizingly excruciating deaths and evolved into a countless forms of benign life; simply in its Omnipotent fire,

O! Yes. That's exactly how you and an infinite like you felt; whilst for the first time as you fell; fell and undyingly kept falling into the gorge of Immortal Love .

6. COMMIT THIS SIN. AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN.

O! Yes. Entirely and Unstoppably passionate was I . After the inscrutably teasing tresses in your ravishing hair; which inevitably compelled my fingers to come near; caress and timelessly disentangle,

O! Yes. Entirely and Fervently passionate was I. After your lusciously inviting lips; which rekindled the fire to live in my scraggily impoverished veins; even as I was buried a countless feet under heartless snow,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unsurpassably passionate was I. After your articulately heavenly fingers; which spawned an undefeated gorge of artistry in the complexion of my otherwise robotically bedraggled life,

O! Yes. Entirely and limitlessly passionate was I. After the insuperable compassion that enshrouded every ingredient of your blood; for every fraternity and dimension of pricelessly inimitable humanity,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unconquerably passionate was I. After your voluptuously enamoring hips; that made even the tiniest element of my persona ecstatically sway; under the impeccably tenacious moonlight,

O! Yes. Entirely and Tirelessly passionate was I. After each footprint that you embossed on pristinely moistened soil; which carved the most victoriously infallible trail for me to follow in my penurious life,

O! Yes. Entirely and Inexhaustibly passionate was I. After your tantalizingly gyrating belly; which drew me out of my deathly corpse; and into the untamed wilderness to once again sniff freshly exuberant life,

O! Yes. Entirely and Irrevocably passionate was I. After your mellifluously tinkling laughter; which made me feel like a prince effortlessly floating in the amiable clouds; for a countless more births of mine,

O! Yes. Entirely and Insanely passionate was I. After each droplet of silver sweat that dribbled from your arms; in the transparent mirror of which I could relentlessly stare into the candid intricacies of my life,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unrelentingly passionate was I. After each sensuous whisper that emanated from your throat; which quelled even the most truculently unbearable of my misery; into the magical heartbeat of existence,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unceasingly passionate was I. After the invincible warmth of your magnetic bosom; in which I found divinely solace; amidst the most tumultuously hideous apocalypses and storms,

O! Yes. Entirely and Endlessly passionate was I. After each uncanny goose-bump on your reverberating skin; which triggered the most unassailable infernos of fertility; in all my brain; body and soul,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unimaginably passionate was I. After your bountifully Omnipotent palms; in each fold and line of which; was written and rewritten every aspect of my destiny; yet to royally unfurl,

O! Yes. Entirely and Bizarrely passionate was I. After your mysteriously intrepid shadow; that fomented me to fantasize beyond the realms of extraordinary utopia; in its shades of insatiably evoking lust,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unfathomably passionate was I. After every pinch of soil that you caressed; applying the same consecrated ash now on each of my wounds; to grant them eternal liberation and rest,

O! Yes. Entirely and Undyingly passionate was I. After your rustically enchanting simplicity; which forever led me in search of nothing else; but the absolute truth nestling in each ingredient of the planet divine,

O! Yes. Entirely and Imperceptibly passionate was I. After your honey laden nape; which made me feel the wealthiest man alive; as I gently nibbled through its nimble catacombs of profound womanhood,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unreasonably passionate was I. After your fierily ebullient breath; which never ever let me quit my life; forever enveloping it with rhapsodic desire; blessing it with the invincible essence to survive amongst a pack of wolves,

O! Yes. Entirely and Unshakably passionate was I. After every beat that leapt uninhibitedly from your immortal heart; which taught me that there was nothing else but love; in the starting and ending alphabet of life,

And now if the worthless world outside says; that falling into passion was committing a dreadfully unpardonable and inconsolable sin; then I for one was ready to commit this sin; again and again and again and again .

7. IN RETURN.

I didn't the slightest expect even the most iridescently undefeated of mountaintops; the ultimate apogees of infallibly glittering success; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most majestically twinkling of stars; the unconquerably amiable glimmer that beautifully crowned the night; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most astoundingly proliferating of soil; the tirelessly spawning seeds of eclectically virile freshness; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most inscrutably roaring of oceans; the fathomless swirl of the undyingly towering and insuperable waves; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most torrentially blessing showers of rain; the globules of unparalleled magnificence which mollified every ingredient of emaciated soil; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most tantalizingly nubile seductresses; the rhapsodic wave of enigma which incessantly tingled even the most infinitesimal of my veins; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most indescribably mind-boggling miracles; the amazing evolution of an infinite new civilizations out of sheer and vapid nothingness; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most blazingly unfettered of Sun; the countless rays of Omnipotent light which vanquished every bit of inexplicable disaster; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most boundless granaries of nectar; the exotically unparalleled sweetness which harmoniously quelled every agonizing fire of life; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most unsurpassable stretch of the heavenly sky; the truest miracle depicting the vastness of God's Omnipresent creation; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most endless landscapes of pristine ice; the impeccable garland of priceless white that quintessentially adorned the mountain side; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most inimitably enamoring of pearls; the ecstatically virgin shimmer that granted bounteous fantasy for an unfathomable more lifetimes, in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most gloriously unchallengeable of laurels; the perpetual tunes of plaudits drifting left; right; center and in every conceivable pore of atmosphere; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most unimaginably gigantic territories of land; the footsteps of uninhibited romance emanating from every direction; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most unshakably powerful of fortresses; the rawness of united power demonstrated magnificently at every step; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most undyingly replenished of treasuries; the signature of stinking wealth which could virtually buy anything on this planet today; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most immortal spells of life; the heaven where there was absolutely not the tiniest trace of gorily asphyxiating death; in return for it,

I didn't the slightest expect even the most blessedly kingly destiny lines of life; the magical routes which led to nothing else but sparkling prosperity; in return for it,

If only; you gave me each beat of your immortally compassionate heart; in return for every corresponding beat of my heart; which inexhaustibly throbbed for you and only you; forever and ever and ever in my chest's goldmine .

8. TRUE HISTORY SHALL FOREVER BE CREATED

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even in the midst of the most ferociously untamed battlefield; where a zillion unflinchingly brave soldiers; were ready to shed their lives anytime for their motherland,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even in the midst of the tumultuously rattling earthquakes; which wholesomely changed the topography of this earth; with mountains and ferocious seas suddenly arising out of sheer nothingness,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even in the midst of the most revolutionary charged elections; which promised to dramatize the abysmally dwindling political scenario,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even at the ultimate summit of Mount Everest; with living bodies entirely naked; infallibly greeting the very first rays of royal dawn,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as your past; present and future were foretold; as accurately as the god's had written it; by someone whom you were meeting for the first time in your impoverished life,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as paradise engulfed every cranny of this devastated earth today; with even the most infinitesimal monument of misery transforming itself into a sky of eternal happiness,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even in the midst of romantically stormy sea; wherein each wave carried the innermost fantasy of your soul; to perennially unite with the seductively enamoring moonlight,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as it torrentially rained for endless number of nights and days; when there was just nothing else but water; to eat; breathe; sleep and exist for every organism alive,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as unparalleled gigantic Dinosaurs ruled this earth; irrefutably perpetuating their supremacy to every perceivable cranny on the globe; nonchalantly pulverizing whosoever who dared came their way; to insipid fragments of ash,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as man reached every existing planet in the cosmos; making full and judicious use of technology; and thereby spuriously feeling as if he were just next to God,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as spiritual leaders unstoppably recited the sacrosanct religious books of every religion on earth; sermonizing the verses of God to fathomless living and dead on the planet,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as every single tree on this earth was ruthlessly felled by bawdily corrupt man; to erect unceasing jungles of corporate concrete upon the foundations of innocent natural life,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even in the midst of the most apocalyptic volcanoes; when countless territories of land and innocent man; evaporated into ludicrous oblivion; under the fury of vindictively unabashed lava,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as devilishly nomadic man; beheaded innumerable live children; sacrilegiously placing their impeccable scalps infront of the deity; in order to immortalize himself with the fabric of life,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as every mirror on the trajectory of this Universe shattered into a billion pieces; as soon as you held it infront of your face; lividly demonstrating yourself to be the most venerated superpower on planet divine,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as man sadistically sold even the carcasses of his century old and dead ancestors; digging their tombs to feed their bones and skull to the monstrously growling; witches and pigs,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as countless women unthinkably plunged themselves into burning pyres soon after their husbands; embracing voluntarily barbarous death in honor of their soul mates who were no longer alive,

No. It wasn't created the slightest. Even as human being articulately maneuvered the nexus of almost everything in this commercial planet; on a singleton minuscule computer microchip,

Sadly, whereas it miserably failed to create the slightest in any of the above. True History was; is and shall forever be created everytime you gave the tiniest beat of your heart to others; everytime you melanged with the humanitarian spirit to survive; everytime you tried to altruistically unite the entire planet into the religion of

oneness; everytime you fell in love .

9. THE DRESS IN PURE AND POWERFUL BLACK

The dress to unsurpassably thrill her; lift her to infinite altitude from her nimble feet; as she was plaintively traversing through bland patches of erratically cut green grass,

The dress to uncannily excite her; metamorphose even the most disparagingly infertile of her moods; into a eternally ardent and royal proliferation,

The dress to timelessly enchant her; rouse even the most cadaverously limp follicle of hair on her skin; to beyond the epitome of Everest; in the revitalizing stillness of the atmosphere,

The dress to majestically silence her; quell even the most insouciant of her apprehensions; with the invincible magic of profound charisma and compassionate royalty,

The dress to perennially magnetize her; perpetuate even the most ephemerally fluttering of shadow; to follow and forever entwine with the essence of your personality,

The dress to inimitably impress her; tirelessly evoke the most inscrutable tingling in her flesh; an unstoppable yearning in her chest to embrace every quarter of your demeanor,

The dress to uncontrollably triumph her; attain perpetual victory over her silken countenance; as she nimbly surrendered even the most ethereal of her intimate senses to your unconquerably handsome swirl,

The dress to timelessly conquer her; leave an intransigent impression of your wondrously fervent personality; upon every globule of fiery sweat that dribbled down her ecstatic skin,

The dress to effortlessly liberate her; wholesomely emptying even the most disastrously maiming of her tensions into sheer nothingness; as she solely floated in the aisles of untamed desire,

The dress to inadvertently capture her; eventually gather complete control over even the most oblivious insinuations of her shadow; as she helplessly melted deeper and deeper into the blacks of your piercing eyes,

The dress to inexplicably provoke her; trigger the dormant labyrinths of creative energy entrapped in her spirit; to unlimitedly fulminate into an unceasing festoon of miraculous innovation,

The dress to undyingly fascinate her; foment her to fantasize beyond the realms of the mundane; and till the last cloud that hovered on the blissfully golden horizons,

The dress to unchallangably win her; infallibly draw even the most imperturbable part of her persona towards your undefeated masculinity; even in the most invisibly flickering of light,

The dress to pricelessly cast a spell on her; make her minutely feel even the most unexplored of your vibrant imagery; through heart-renderingly poignant telepathy,

The dress to reincarnate the artist in her; granting fresh life to the haplessly dead tombs of virility in her soul; as she unabashedly let nectar to slip from each pore of her body; and blend with every single ingredient of the atmosphere,

The dress to effulgently impregnate her; replenish every aspect of her drearily impoverished existence; with everything that was beautifully and merrily abounding on this uninhibited planet,

The dress to insuperably propose her; with a surety of nothing else but 'yes' rebounding back from the swish of her tongue; as majestically kissed the farthest finger of her queenly hands,

The dress to phlegmatically reborn her; inevitably make her rise from her languid corpse; unfathomably flustered by the sheer size and enigmatic shades of your larger than life personality,

Was. O! Yes undoubtedly was. The Dress in Pure and Powerful Black. In the Pure blackness of the voluptuously embellished and sensuously blessed night .

10. TOO ROMANTIC IS TOO GOOD

Too sad is too bad; as it wholesomely annihilates traces of exuberant energy from every domain of the body,

Too mysterious is too bad; as it imprisons a boundless myriad of explosive emotions deep within the fast diminishing soul,

Too angry is too bad; as it baselessly assassinates all the prudent sagaciousness lingering in your ingenious mind,

Too shy is too bad; as it indefatigably tries to conceal the truly flamboyant identity of a man,

Too dirty is too bad; as the obnoxiously hovering germs pertinently conflicted with the process of blossoming ebullience,

Too starved is too bad; as the unprecedented pangs of hunger in the stomach decimate all chances of plunging forward euphorically,

Too fast is too bad; as the Almighty Lord's mesmerizing process of evolution remains incomplete,

Too morbid is too bad; as it pulverizes the island of overwhelming bliss into wisps of treacherous nothingness,

Too smart is too bad; as it disdainfully kills the immaculate child perpetually floating in your crystalline eyes,

Too dependant is too bad; as it ruthlessly rips apart your dynamic integrity from its very indomitable roots,

Too hysterical is too bad; as it makes you uncouthly mute to sorrow; during the course of your future life to unveil,

Too negative is too bad; as it pathetically massacres the wave of irrefutable optimism immortally enveloping your righteous conscience,

Too manipulative is too bad; as it drifts you further and further away from the insurmountably sacrosanct lap of your revered mother,

Too nervous is too bad; as it foments you to commit blunders in things; which you could have irrevocably owned above the rest,

Too wealthy is too bad; as it perpetuates you to become savagely oblivious to your intrinsic rudiments of existence,

Too powerful is too bad; as it engenders you to suck the blood of your fellow compatriots; whom God had created you equal with,

Too malicious is too bad; as it relentlessly coaxes you to hate every entity possessing a shade more than you,

Too suspicious is too bad; as it triggers you to relinquish and betray the everlasting love of your life,

Too punctual is too bad; as it diabolically snaps apart the uncanny excitement descending every unfurling instant; as you walked on the streets,

But too romantic is too good; as it makes you feel alive beyond your own self; as it makes you feel alive for the most fulfilling mission for which God sent you

upon on planet earth .

11. THE MOST IMMORTAL OF THEM ALL

The Sun might be flamboyant; sizzling dilapidated portions of the earth with its festoon of grandiloquently blistering rays; but you are the most flamboyant of them all,

The flower might be fragrant; diffusing its stupendously exotic redolence to thoroughly dwindling souls; but you are the most fragrant of them all,

The stars might be fabulously resplendent; shimmering their pearly rays in the ocean of perpetual darkness; but you are the most resplendent of them all,

The thunderbolts of white lightening might be vivacious; impregnating infernos of insatiable desire into lifeless souls; but you are the most vivacious of them all,

The crimson clouds in the boundless cosmos might be mystical; as one sighted them nostalgically reminiscing times of immaculate birth; but you are the most mystical of them all,

The protuberant crested sparrow might be boisterous; frolicking in the aisles of uninhibited rhapsody; but you are the most boisterous of them all,

The sheets of impeccably glistening ice might be seductive; melting into a melodious stream of voluptuous water; but you are the most seductive of them all,

The mountain of unsurpassable salt embodied in the undulating waves might be tangy; disseminating into a fountain of exuberant froth as it bounced on the shores; but you are the most tangy of them all,

The summit of the hill might be incredulously fascinating; overlooking into a fathomless myriad of breathtaking scenery; but you are the most fascinating

of them all,

The fortress of pure stone might be invincible; withstanding the most acrimonious of onslaughts with astounding solidarity; but you are the most invincible of them all,

The royally oligarchic castle might be unfathomably majestic; with its walls radiating a profusely captivating sheen under milky moonlight; but you are the most majestic of them all,

The shadow might be enigmatically enchanting; incarcerating even the most morose in its inexplicably tingling swirl; but you are the most enigmatic of them all,

The sprawling meadows of verdant grass might be romantic; surreptitiously fostering two lovers away from the monotonous world; but you are the most romantic of them all,

The webs of golden honey trickling from the beehive might be profoundly sweet; marvelously pacifying themost scorchingly traumatized throats; but you are the

most sweetest of them all,

The dream might be fantastically innovative; supremely rejuvenating the horrendously dreary nerves of the exhausted brain; but you are the most innovative of them all,

The child might be innocent; with his overwhelmingly mischievous smile imprisoning the hearts of even the most diabolically dictatorial; but you are the most innocent of them all,

The dog might be incomprehensibly faithful to his master; incessantly following him wherever he went irrespective of his mind-boggling poverty; but you are the most faithful of them all,

The breath might be insurmountably Omnipotent; instilling traces of indispensably volatile life in every organism tangible and alive; but you are the most Omnipotent of them all,

The Mother might be sacrosanct; bearing me 9 months in her celestial womb so that I could be what I was today; but you are the most sacrosanct of them all,

And the heart might be immortal; refraining to cease its fulminating battalion of beats even centuries after its death; but let me tell you O! beloved; that you were the most immortal of them all .

12. SOMETIMES

Sometimes more tender than a new born child; nostalgically remembering those moments when it was just born,

Sometimes as ferocious as thunderbolts of lightening in the sky; capsizing everyone around; in the tumultuous agony of its insatiable desire .

Sometimes more mystical than the dungeons infinite feet beneath obdurate soil; harboring a festoon of secrets impossible to comprehend,

Sometimes as candid as a mirror; blurting out its innermost of feelings like a parrot on a talking spree .

Sometimes more colorful than the resplendent rainbow in the cosmos; disseminating its myriad of boundless colors to every entity on this planet,

Sometimes as dolorous as the dying soul; painstakingly withering away towards its inevitably horrendous grave .

Sometimes more blistering than the fulminating volcano; casting its enchanting spell on every philanthropic being on this globe,

Sometimes as cowardly as the worm; disappearing into its diminutive den; as the slightest insinuation of fading light .

Sometimes more fast than the cyclonic whirlwind; instilling a wave of ebullient euphoria in every pathetically diminishing body,

Sometimes as reticent as the infinitesimally silent whisper; which even it didn't posses the capacity to hear .

Sometimes more fathomless than the entire richness of this world; sharing its priceless forms with all who badly needed it,

Sometimes as slithering miserly in the caves of nothingness; begging for mercy; to whomsoever who came its way .

Sometimes more invincible than the most ultimate point of existence; sequestering the righteous from each conceivable acrimonious storm,

Sometimes as collapsing like a pack of burnt cards; even before the wind blew a trifle its way .

Sometimes more divinely than the Creator who evolved it; incarcerating all the mesmerizing beauty of this planet in its inner most core,

Sometimes as dastardly as the diabolical devil; advancing menacingly towards the destruction of living kind .

O! yes the HUMAN HEART, was Sometimes more passionate than the gift called life; perpetually bonding those who loved each other for immortal times,

While Sometimes as treacherous as the satanic scorpion; betraying its own beats; which it once upon a time irrefutably adored .

13. I WAS SURE TO FALL IN LOVE

I was scared to look into your eyes; as I was sure drown in the river of their mesmerizing enchantment,

I was scared to look at your lips; as I was sure to blend with their tantalizingly seductive softness,

I was scared to look at your hair; as I was sure to float with their exuberantly vivacious caress,

I was scared to look at your cheeks; as I was sure to kiss their rubicund sweetness till times beyond eternity,

I was scared to look at your lashes; as I was sure to flirt in the aisles of desire; till the time I wholesomely forgot my own entity,

I was scared to look at your palms; as I was sure to make your euphorically adventurous destiny; each part of my life,

I was scared to look at your sweat; as I was sure to run my fingers in rampant frenzy through the mystical trails it traversed,

I was scared to look at your feet; as I was sure to bow down in timid obeisance till the time I relinquished my most minuscule of air,

I was scared to look at your forehead; as I was sure to abdicate all memory and learning; relentlessly trying to decipher the lines between your brow,

I was scared to look at your yawn; as I was sure to transit into a unfathomably heavenly reverie; catapulting to the times right back when I was an

impeccable child,

I was scared to look at your drifting voice; as I was sure to bury myself infinite feet beneath the earth; profoundly absorbed in its enthralling melody,

I was scared to look at your belly; as I was sure to emancipate all my appetite for food; indefatigably feeling the enigmatic rhythm of your skin as it celestially rose and fell,

I was scared to look at your shadow; as I was sure to leave my soul forever; bonding with its stupendously mystical aura for moments beyond imagination,

I was scared to look at your ears; as I was sure to sketch their milky rhapsody in the inner most walls of my conscience; with the blood that surged with newness

through my veins,

I was scared to look at your neck; as I was sure to wholesomely forget the art of turning; irrefutably agglutinated by the trail of unprecedented fascination

it left as it moved,

I was scared to look at your smile; as I was sure to become a complete alien to the pragmatic realities of monotonous life; profusely admiring its gorgeously

mischievous contours that ran till the sky,

I was scared to look at your footprint; as I was sure to cherish it as the most sacred wealth in this Universe; following it till I met my ultimate grave,

I was scared to look at your breath; as I was sure to then stop breathing from the atmosphere; inhaling its divinely aroma instead,

And I was scared to look at your heart; as I was sure that I would fall in love; which got immortally deeper and deeper as each second unveiled .

14. NEVER SAY DIE

Say that I was a coward; running faster than the speed of white light; at the most minuscule premonition of danger,

Say that I looked horrendously ugly; repugnantly wading off even my reflection away from my entity,

Say that I was overwhelmingly penurious; starving to unprecedented limits; in the realms of my dilapidated hutment,

Say that I was oblivious of the art of love; staring like an insane moron into bare bits of disdainfully monotonous space,

Say that I was astronomically dirty; dissipating an ocean of treacherous filth on every path I tread,

Say that I was an inconspicuous mosquito; a transiently fleeting reflection which disappeared even before it had appeared,

Say that I was salaciously lecherous parasite; sucking blood indiscriminately from whomsoever who encountered me in my way,

Say that I was mockingly blind in the most dazzling of sunlight; tripping pathetically towards remote wisps of oblivion,

Say that I was full of malevolent fantasies; wishing insidiously evil as soon as people turned their innocuous backs,

Say that I was insurmountably haggard; resembling a hoarsely whimpering beggar; even in the most majestic of my suit,

Say that I was appallingly dumb; without a voice of my own; even though provoked beyond the point of satanic control,

Say that I was an unscrupulous rascal; philandering aimlessly on the streets; when in reality I toiled even after midnight; to assimilate fodder for the entire house,

Say that I was a diabolical assassin; rampantly massacring innocent scalps; for frugal wads of sleazy money,

Say that I was a replica of the preposterously fat elephant; evoking everyone to laugh as they sighted my erratically funny caricature,

Say that I was an acrimonious desert; without harboring the slightest trace of love or poignant empathy,

Say that I was a decayed stalk of shriveled mushroom; being blown worse than a whisker; down the slopes of the lanky mountain,

Say that I was a hideously menacing drunkard; mumbling incoherently for times immemorial; even though I drank nothing but pure water all my life,

Say that I was the most torturous of all husbands; meting my personal frustration on your rubicund skin; when infact you had incarcerated me in a blanket of blood coated chains; since the time we had tied the nuptial thread,

Say that I didn't know the way to live; howling like an imbecile dog; tearing my hair in the heart of the boisterously bustling lane,

And say anything you like O! beloved; condemning me beyond the boundaries of incomprehensible imagination; give me infinite deaths crucifying me with daggers of

your hatred; BUT FOR HEAVEN SAKE NEVER SAY DIE .

15. JUST A MINUTE AGO

Just a minute ago you were bouncing merrily in my palms; shouting euphorically with the full cry of life,

While at the present moment you lay without budging a single inch; staring in mute silence towards clouds drifting solitarily in open space.

Just a minute ago you were smiling to your heart'scontent kissing me profusely on my lips; pinching mycheeks in flirtatious excitement,

While at the present moment you transited into an invincible slumber; with your mouth partially open; rampantly inhaling all dirt suspended in the gloomy

atmosphere.

Just a minute ago you were recounting to me innocuous tales of your childhood; the moments of mischief that had their mystical spell forever on your vivacious

countenance,

While at the present moment you incorrigibly refrained to speak at all; as pools of ghastly saliva dribbled from the corner of your mouth.

Just a minute ago you were chanting your cloud of fantasies to me; the dwelling which you so inexorably wished for both of us to stay in together,

While at the present moment you stared for eternity into my eyes; with the toys held in your fingers tumbling in incoherent unison on the cold ground.

Just a minute ago you were pummeling me in my ribs; cheekily cracking the most weirdest of jokes you could salvage from your repertoire,

While at the present moment you embraced the soil like a lackluster leaf; with your conglomerate of hair sprawled into a gruesomely bedraggled heap.

Just a minute ago you sang in magnificent tandem with the exuberantly drifting wind; blending your sound superbly with each beat of mine,

While at the present moment you wholesomely failed to respond the most thunderous of my shouts; as the color of your skin metamorphosed from a rubicund pink to a gory yellow.

Just a minute ago you were rampantly perceiving the names of our first child; with the bulky book depicting the same unveiled handsomely in your petite fingers,

While at the present moment you collapsed with a sigh on your knees; with an overwhelmingly heavy layer of dust settling on your enchanting face.

Just a minute ago you were proudly assimilating your hard earned possessions; basking in the glory of the scintillating jewelry that adorned your immaculately

voluptuous skin,

While at the present moment you lay like a scarecrow with ominous vultures in vicinity hovering above you; and the urges in your body now coalescing perpetually

with obsolete wisps of oblivion .

And just a minute ago you were securely alive in my compassionate arms; with your tantalizingly soft breath drowning me into whirlpools of exotic desire;

with your ravishing demeanor stupefying me to the most unprecedented limits,

While at the present moment you had left me forever to rest in the land of Almighty Creator; and no matter how much I cried; I knew you'd only be in my dreams;

and not by my side .

16. PLEASE COME SOON

Sheets of fascination wholesomely blinded my eyes; engulfing them with thunderbolts of exotic excitement,

Waves of insurmountable passion flowed rampantly through my blood; permeating me every minute like a quiver full of stinging arrows,

An ocean of enchantment lingered insatiably in the corridors of my mind; transiting me into a state of rhapsodic slumber,

Springs of sweet honey dribbled tantalizingly down my throat; titillating me beyond the point of no control,

Cloudbursts of mesmerizing fantasy enveloped my persona from head to toe; imprisoning me in the swirl of tumultuously poignant desire,

A river of perspiration trickled passionately down my chin; escalating me to a place infinite kilometers over paradise,

A garden of stupendously fabulous scent descended ferociously down my nostrils; virtually swiping my feet in a surreal dream from the surface of earth,

Clouds of overwhelmingly fervent longing encircled my eyelashes; fomenting them to drool down in timid submission,

Fountains of astronomical mysticism embedded my soul; drowning me inevitably into a lake of alluring enigma and incomprehensible charm,

An inexorable tenacity to explore encapsulated my fists and fingers; evoking me to draw boundless myriad of incoherent forms; with frenzied movements on the

glistening sands,

A beehive of captivating mirages deluged my imagination; engendering me to think beyond the fathomlessly extraordinary,

rainbows of compassion entrenched my conscience; enticing me at a velocity faster than that of light; towards the entirely unknown,

Tornado's of unbelievable attraction blew towards my facial contours; making me wholesomely oblivious to the rapid unfurling of time,

Pearls of untamed jubilation danced euphorically in my belly; reaching an ultimate crescendo; as I caressed my body lazily on the chocolate brown ground,

Dagger heads of poignant belonging drifted down my rubicund cheeks; inundating them with a tinge more voluptuous than the supremely redolent rose,

An island of uncanny emotions placidly nestled in my veins; welling up thunderously towards eternity as each second speedily zipped by,

A meadow of emphatically seductive feelings possessed every action I executed; propelling me to surge forward with unrestricted exhilaration,

And each beat of my violently palpitating heart; cried aloud to witness your ingratiatingly royal countenance,

Please do come soon; for I was about to exhale my last breath without you; Please do come soon; bond your breath with mine O! Beloved .

17. MY HEART DICTATED ME

My legs dictated me to run; chase her reflection till the point it became entirely invisible; blending with the ethereally fading horizons,

My eyes dictated me to sight; admire her mesmerizing countenance for hours immemorial; drown myself into the river of voluptuous charm that lay trapped beneath her skin,

My lips dictated me to sing; keep on incessantly evolving rhymes and tunes to stupendously please her enamoring visage,

My hands dictated me to caress; run rampantly through her mass of supremely seductive hair; shiver with inexplicable excitement as they brushed across her

immaculate complexion,

My ears dictated me to listen; profoundly blend myself with her enthralling voice; stretch myself to the most mightiest of limits to decipher even the faintest traces of rhapsodic ecstasy in her sound,

My mind dictated me to fantasize; try and conceive her in the most incredulous forms that existed on this Universe; philander uninhibitedly with her majestic grace; through mystical lanes sandwiched well beneath the towering mountains,

My teeth dictated me to inexorably chatter; tremble in unsurpassable trepidation crouched like a potato on her divinely doorstep; ardently waiting for her to

arrive in timid submission,

My nose dictated me to smell; profusely coalesce myself with her enchanting fragrance; fill my appetite for marathon hours that unveiled in the day; inhaling

the ravishing that wafted from her impeccable countenance,

My bones dictated me to dexterously move; in order to save her sacrosanct visage; from the minutest of evil suspended in the air circumventing her,

My eyelashes dictated me to bat; render myself in innocuous submission; in front of her heavenly demeanor; transiting me way back into joyfully innocent childhood,

My tongue dictated me to lick; clean every iota of path she was about to tread on and celestially purify; with my stream of passionately dribbling and volatile saliva,

My nails dictated me to probe; nimbly trail down her nape; to thunderously ignite the waves of unconquerable compassion between our blessed entities,

My arm dictated me to dig; adroitly pave the foundations of our dwelling; construct it with formidable brick and stone; for us to blissfully reside during the remainder of our destined life,

My shoulders dictated me to carry her philanthropically magnanimous body; protect her from even the most inconspicuous shadow of danger; perilously lurking behind her ravishing form,

My throat dictated me to leap and bounce; gasp in incomprehensible ebullience; with its Adams apple swirling more vivaciously than the volcano; the moment it witnessed her fabulously fascinating grace,

My lungs dictated me to stay silent; create an ambience of perpetual solitude; so that she didn't get disturbed the slightest in her spell of unimaginably intense concentration,

My skin dictated me to tremble in boisterous excitement; shiver more hysterically than freezing snow in the peak of blazing summer; in order to welcome her Kingly persona with diminutive humility,

My conscience dictated me to immortally bond with her sacred soul; stand taller than the skies beside her; whenever she needed me,

And my heart dictated me to love her; embed this existing life of hers with so much care; that it was more than what anybody could ever possibly muster; even in infinite lives .

18. MORE THAN GOD COULD HAVE MISSED EARTH

Your voice seemed to me a supremely obfuscated blur; although you were standing at whisker lengths from my body; screaming hysterically into my sensitive eardrum,

Your footsteps seemed to me like a frigidly lazy yawn; although you were tumultuously banging your bohemian feet across the savagely metallic floor,

Your laughter seemed to me like lame ducks floating on the docile pond; although you were thunderously chortling into loud guffaws as you watched the clown

fall down,

Your eyes seemed to me like dark clouds hovering in dull consternation; although you were staring ferociously towards my visage as if planning to eat me for nocturnal supper,

Your dance seemed to me like the dead squirrel lying on the stone since ages; although you were vivaciously swishing your bones to stridently blaring sleazy

music,

Your hands seemed to me like flimsy spider webs; although you were clapping them ardently under the mid day Sun,

Your clothes seemed to me like vaguely obsolete shadows; although you had adorned your demeanor in fabulously glittering attire,

Your lips seemed to me like squelched and frivolously light pulp; although you had embellished them with garish lipstick; were pursing them indefatigably as each minute unveiled by,

Your hair seemed to me like decayed strands of the morbid broomstick; although you flirtatiously fluttered them at thin distances from my cheeks,

Your fingers seemed to me like evanescently buried fossils; although you had flooded them with incredulous strings of scintillating diamonds and pearls,

Your tongue seemed to me like lifeless tiger skin suspended dolorously from the ceiling; although you cheekily moved it inside your mouth umpteenth number

of times in a single minute,

Your sweat seemed to me like a transiently fading mirage melting at electric speeds as the seconds unfurled by; although you let it pour poignantly upon my eye as you conversed boisterously by my side,

Your feet seemed to me like the miserably evaporating waterfall lasting for only frugal periods after the monsoons; although you had encompassed them in alluring chains of white silver; audaciously struck your big toe in the center of my chest,

Your skin seemed to me like fermented milk rotting in open space since ages; although you had inundated it with overwhelmingly austere rose scent; and it glowed

more tenaciously than the moon had ever shone,

Your nails seemed to me like old frogs croaking in timid submission just before their death; although you had pruned them meticulously with contemporary times;

vibrantly cuddled my soft cheeks with your piquantly painted nail polish,

Your ears seemed to me like colorless pools of saliva loitering on the dusty street; although you had decorated their dainty periphery with opulent jewelry; dangled them seductively before my face,

Your belly seemed to me like charred firewood; nimbly smoldering embers of subsiding fire; although you had enveloped it in mesmerizing silk; gyrated it

voluptuously to captivate my attention,

Your height seemed to me like the diminutively inconspicuous dwarfs; although you trespassed on spiffy heels; stood at a handsome stature from the nonchalantly flat ground,

Your bangles seemed to me like infinitesimal beads of orphaned cotton; although you shook them vehemently near my ears; permeating the still ambience around

with volcanic noise,

And I am profoundly sorry to say O! beloved that all I was able to make out of you was a blurred and a slim mosquito; unable to appreciate your alluring charisma

and royal grace,

As I gawked at your persona in open mouthed amazement; missing you perhaps more than God could have missed this earth when you were gone; was infact meeting you after 3 torturously complete days .

19. BIND US TOGETHER

The moment she was with me I shouted at her stringently; showing her my fists in indignation,

But I realized it only when she went off to sleep; that I craved to speak to her; missed the bustling noise of her footsteps.

The moment she was with me I teased her unrelentingly; scowled at her making ungainly faces,

But I realized it only when she went out shopping; that I longed for her like anything; desperately craved to hear the melody in her voice.

The moment she was with me I kept scratching my hair; hardly paying attention to the activities she recited of the day,

But I realized it only when she talked the same to her alien friends; that how inquisitive I was to hear it passionately from her mouth.

The moment she was with me I castigated all attempts of hers to tie my shoelace; portraying myself to be a perfect man,

But I realized it only when she went to mothers place; as to how inevitably I needed her; and what a child I became in her absence.

The moment she was with me I shrug the food she made; declaring it to be bland and tasteless,

But I realized it only when she fed the same lovingly to the servants; as to how much I cherished each meal she prepared.

The moment she was with me I revolted vehemently that she snored; not letting me sleep blissfully for even a single minute,

But I realized it only when she slept in the lawns; as to how much I missed her caress; the ardor in her breath that intermingled with mine.

The moment she was with me I protruded my tongue at her for not bathing; admonishing her for flooding my nostrils with a smell like rotten tomato,

But I realized it only when she walked out of the house in anger; that I found the most exotic of perfume to be raw dirt in front of her perspiration.

The moment she was with me I pointed fingers at her eyes; saying that she was horrendously squint,

But I realized it only when she closed them abruptly at me; as to how mesmerizing were her lashes; the poignant empathy that they oozed out every unfurling

second.

The moment she was with me I told her to dismiss off from my presence; leaving me alone to delve in my world of fantasy,

But I realized it only when she exited; that my dreams ended there and then; and each pore of my body cried for her in agony.

Therefore this is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Lord; please don't separate us ever,

For she was my blood and I was her breath; and we would die a gruesome death to take birth again as lovers; if you didn't BIND US IN THIS LIFE TOGETHER .

20. WHEN I LOST MY LOVE

i drowned myself in large beer cans of alcohol,   
Lay the whole night on desolate sands of the beach,   
Traversed bare feet through scorching territories of stone ground,   
Sang nostalgic rhymes while kissing the winter breeze,   
Grew strands of unruly beard on the immaculate skin of my face,   
Stared unrelentingly all night at the cameo of twinkling stars,   
Consumed food abstemiously with occasional sips of soiled water,   
Erupted with volatile outbursts of anger at the slightest of provocation,   
Walked at languid pace with the acerbic sun filtering through my eyes,   
Wore pure suits of torn jute blended with cheap pieces of leather,   
Lambasted myself with incessant strokes of the whiplash at dawn,   
Distributed all my affluence to the needy and impoverished,   
Disposed my smoke Grey sedan in fathomless waters of the ocean,   
Burnt all novels which contained even minuscule traces of romance,   
Refrained to cast frivolous glances the charismatic passing by,   
Sequestered myself from pragmatic realities of life,   
spending life like a relic in a dilapidated barn,   
Ploughed the earth with my pickaxe shovel; the only means of survival,   
There was a time I had bounced radiantly; blooming with life,   
While at the present moment though; I sobbed all day and sinister night,   
As I no longer possessed the power to win back my love,   
To shrug of the obliteration's and make her forever mine.

21. WHEN IN LOVE

Even if you slapped me hard in my cheek; mercilessly whipping the succulent flesh of my body,

I would still bow down my head in obeisance; proclaim vociferously to the world that I loved you.

Even if you spat on me loads of your tangy saliva; castigating me openly amidst scores of civilians; for the most inadvertent of my mistakes,

I would still offer you a glass of spring water to mollify your anger; say

audaciously that I loved you.

Even if you starved me of food for the entire day; refraining to cast an amicable look in my direction,

I would still endeavor my best to make you frivolously smile; trying to enlighten the pallid atmosphere; declare without hesitancy that I loved you.

Even if you made me polish the dilapidated floors till they shone like mirrors; dictatorially commanded me to wipe your shoes,

I would still worship your feet in due reverence; whisper to the obdurate brick walls that I loved you.

Even if you made me iron your ostentatious clothes; dressing me in threadbare

sacs of corrugated jute,

I would still engulf you with the extra rag on my body; when you were shivering; sobbing hysterically in front of you to convey that I loved you.

Even if you shut your eyes when I confronted you; smirking haughtily when I

tried to utter the most diminutive of sound,

I would still carry you to your bed when your dreary toes floundered to hold

their weight on the ground; kiss you gently on your lips to portray I loved you.

Even if you deliberately snapped off my car brakes; making sure I met with a ghastly accident the next time I drove,

I would still utter your name while lying submerged in pools of greasy blood; shout as hard as I could expend my lungs to say that I loved you.

Even if you wished derogatory for me night and day; ominously stared at me for

no fault of mine,

I would still pray to the creator to impregnate your life with bountiful riches; ubiquitously disclose that I loved you.

Even if you pushed me from the aircraft hovering at an unprecedented altitude

in the clouds; waiting anxiously to witness the scenario of my inevitable death,

I would still smile compassionately at you; fervently hoping to witness your

grace again in the next birth; unanimously declare to all that I loved you before I relinquished breath.

Do you want to know the secret behind my blatantly irrational behavior; the cause for my uninhibited sacrifice,

Well its simply this darling; that I had loved you intensely since the moment I first saw you,

And WHEN IN LOVE; I only knew to chivalrously give; for the moment I asked you to grant me favors in return; I would be christened as the "biggest beggar".

22. IN ORDER TO REPAIR

In order to repair the broken door; what was required was a plethora of finely

chiseled nails; along with an adroit carpenter,

In order to repair the tumbledown television; what was required was a maze of

intricate wires; and the services of a technician,

In order to repair the severely corrugated road; what was required was bountiful amounts of fresh mud; to be scrupulously compacted by the gigantic bulldozer,

In order to repair the shoddy shoe; what was required was strong spools of

thread; and a metallic bodkin to meticulously stitch the same,

In order to repair the fragile economy of the country; what was required was a

stringent dictator; who thoroughly refrained from indulging into the most

inconspicuous of malpractice; shirked his face away from taking bribe,

In order to repair the houses flooded with the onslaught of stormy coastal

waves; what was required was to evacuate the afflicted from the tyranny of

sea,

In order to repair the dilapidated car; what was required was a host of scintillating spare parts; and a drum replete with lubricant oil,

In order to repair the punctured tier; what was required was a few bellows of

compressed air; which lay incarcerated in the hand pump,

In order to repair the contemporary timepiece; what was required was a pair of

lead batteries; engendering white current to flow,

In order to repair the shattered mirror; what was required was long pieces of pellucid glass; along with a rotund bottle of sticky glue,

In order to repair the disheveled painting; what was required was an artist blending it with vibrant colors from his brush; transforming its complexion into virtually new,

In order to repair raw wounds oozing blood; what was required was a sprinkle

of emollient antiseptic,

In order to repair the gaping hole in the wall; what was required was articulately sculptured bricks; which could fill the same to perfection,

In order to repair the discarded aircraft; what was required was to refuel it

with gasoline; strengthen its tapered wings,

In order repair burnt hair adorning the scalp; what was required was to tonsure the scalp entirely; to facilitate brand new clusters to grow,

In order to repair the torn parchment of bonded paper; what was required was

adhesive tape which held the sheet in a vice like grip,

In order to repair the earthquake stricken edifices; what was required was to

dismantle them completely; replacing them with fresh ones having superior

resistance to shock,

In order to repair the smashed web of the spider; what was required was to

feed the beast with lots of insect; thereby granting it strength to spin other one,

In order to repair wholesome darkness prevailing on this earth; what was required was the omnipotent light of courage shining unrelentingly,

And in order to repair my broken heart; what was required was a girl who could

love me intensely; make me oblivious to the horrendous anecdotes and my miseries of the past.

23. THE ARROW OF LOVE

When an arrow of barbaric iron struck me on my chest; rivulets of blood trickled down rampantly,

Soft portions of flesh were brutally invaded; and I emitted loud screams of anguish under my vanishing breath.

When an arrow of glittering gold struck me perilously close to my ribs; I

initially felt elated at witnessing the opulence embedded,

However after a while the beats of my heart reduced dramatically; and

An uncanny numbness seemed to be encompassing my persona.

When an arrow of acrimonious thorns struck me in my eye; I felt a

sudden gush of blindness encroach upon my silhouette,

The world now seemed an obfuscated blur of its original self; and I now

sighted the dazzling sun in the sky as gruesomely black.

When an arrow of piquant chili struck me in the center of my nostrils;

I experienced fuming sensations engulf my breath,

Eloped as fast as my skinny legs could carry me; to dip my burnt skin in revitalizing water.

When an arrow of obnoxious tobacco struck me on my lips; the derogatory

odor made me inevitably cough,

Some of the derogatory powder had also entered my intricate intestines;

and I vomited out the poisonous extract with my inebriated eyes feebly

closing down.

When an arrow of resplendent silver struck me in my legs; I at the

onset appreciated the gleam and accentuated shine,

Although after a few seconds had elapsed; collapsed in a bedraggled

heap on the stony floor; unable to bear the tyranny anymore.

When an arrow of pointed glass struck me in my face; indiscriminately

permeating through my cheek,

I felt as if stabbed by millions of scorpion tails; lost holistic consciousness instantaneously succumbing to the mighty onslaught.

When an arrow of golden honey struck me on my rotund stomach; this time

I felt no pain not even the slightest of discomfort,

However with rising of the next dawn; a conglomerate of parasites and

leech had camouflaged my skin from the world; greedily sucking the nectar as

well as long pieces of my bone.

When an arrow of charred wood struck me in my shoulder; it mercilessly

ripped apart the protruding muscle,

Made sooty indentations on my sparkling complexion; sapping away

exuberant sources of energy from my demeanor.

And eventually when the "ARROW OF LOVE" struck me in the middle of my

forehead; I felt mystical sensations inundate my soul,

There was a revolutionary stirring which occurred in my heart; making me completely forgetful to the heaps of tribulation I had suffered just minutes before,

Drowning me into an ocean of celestial harmony; a land where there existed nothing else but an insatiable spirit to romantically exist and care.

24. GLASS OF LOVE

When I drank water in a glass of composite mud; the liquid tasted

ravishing; with my reflection wavering erratically in it,

However it contained tinges of dissolved sand; and was a trifle salty

for my liking.

When I drank water in a glass of deplorable copper; the liquid appeared

blurred in the prevailing darkness,

And when I sipped it; it had a stale odor of the rusty surface it had adhered to for many hours.

When I drank water in a glass of pure bamboo; the liquid looked glistening and

mesmerizing under the sun,

Although even after consuming it completely; I still felt that my bowels were

yet famished and incorrigibly demanded more.

When I drank water in a glass of yellow molded gold; the liquid inside displayed a scintillating shine; dazzling brilliantly in the most sequestered of room,

However it miserably floundered to pacify my thirst; as I was heavily circumspect in devouring the costly water.

When I drank water in a glass of hardened plastic; the liquid seemed to be

overwhelming still without the slightest of ripple,

But the tangy flavor was blatantly absent; and I didn't relish one sip of what

I had just swallowed.

When I drank water in a glass of bombastic diamonds; the liquid looked as if

shimmering profusely under the moon,

Although an uncanny feeling enveloped my stomach; a feeling as if I had

Eaten the glittering diamonds.

When I drank water in a glass of pencil lead; the liquid inside looked obnoxiously black; readily acquiring the color of its vessel,

And I felt like puking it out with ferocious intensity; after having dubiously

gulped it.

When I drank water in a glass of broad green leaf; the liquid inside resembled

the perennial pastures sprawling over the valley,

But alongwith it there entered a fleet of invisible insects in my throat; and

I shivered inadvertently envisaging the aftermath of disease.

When I drank water in a glass of heavy stone; the liquid pretty normal to

drink,

However lifting the glass proved to be a bit cumbersome; and I felt a

bit perturbed by the flimsy effort.

And eventually when I drank water in the "GLASS OF OUR LOVE"; blending

it with a concoction of her heavenly tears,

The water tasted as sweet as never before; as impeccable as sacrosanct god; as exotic as the gyrating fairies in the sky; and it instantly put me into an inevitable slumber.

25. THE TENACITY OF MY LOVE

Even If you were an obdurate stone; with loads of callousness embedded

rigidly in your persona,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; transformed you into

Molten wax rampantly dripping down; eventually blending with the earth.

Even if you were the dry desert; harboring a plethora of acrimonious

cactus and violently blistering winds,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; inundated you with

fresh water; imparting a perennial wetness to your sands.

Even if you were the satanic demon; with your armory of brutal teeth

scintillating wickedly under the moon,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; brought about a

dramatic metamorphosis in you; converting you into an immaculate angel.

Even if you were the incorrigible dictator; rebuking all in proximity

with your volley of expletives and commands,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; pacified you

overwhelmingly; exonerated the bitterness in your voice.

Even if you were deadly poison; causing instantaneous death on

consumption,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; completely annihilated

your venom; making you as sweet as golden nectar.

Even if you were pallid paint sticking languidly to the walls;

propagating waves of disparaging gloom in the ambience,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; impregnated you with

brilliantly vibrant color; made you profoundly smile.

Even if you were poignant green chili; thunderously shouting expending

supreme capacity of your lungs,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; transmuted you into

innocuous sugar; irrefutably sweet in taste.

Even if you were the viciously lethal reptile; baring your fangs at me

with utter hostility,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; changed you into the

resplendent fish; gliding sedately through the swirling ocean.

Even if you were blazing volcano; torching all those who came even

centimeters near you; devouring innocent humans in your fiery belly like

inconspicuous insects,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; transfigured you into

the melodious stream weaving its way enchantingly through meadows of soft

grass.

And even if you were the idol of horrendous hatred; ostracizing

humanity severely for its benevolent deeds,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; rekindled in you the

essence of sharing; the insatiable urge to caress and care.

26. YOU LIVED IN MY HEART

You lived in my intricate eyes when I saw the world; taught me to

discerningly distinguish between the good and evil,

You lived in my ears when I listened to sound; made me stringently

aware of the most minuscule of voice in proximity,

You lived in my feet when I traversed the parched earth; making sure

that my toes remained reinvigorated at all times,

You lived in my fingers when I wrote literature; making me chisel sheer

magic out of nondescript words,

You lived in my stomach when I swallowed food; assisting me to

scrupulously digest the same,

You lived in my nails when I scratched the wall; imparting me with the

tenacity to peel off the pallid paint,

You lived in my tongue when I spoke; blessing me with the tact of

producing a melodious noise,

You lived in my nostrils when I breathed air; seeing to it that the

purest part of it entered the jacket of my lungs,

You lived in my veins when they pumped crimson blood; ensuring that it

flowed rambunctiously all throughout the day,

You lived in my throat when I gulped cool water; facilitating it to

smoothly cascade down my neck,

You lived in my luscious lips when I smiled; making it appear

profoundly incarcerating in front of the audience,

You lived in my slender bones as I grew; impregnating them with tones

of calcium; making me audaciously confront the most bizarre of situation,

You lived in my armory of teeth when I masticated my meals; making sure

that I crushed each obdurate morsel into silken chowder,

You lived in my mind when I tried to contemplate; providing me with the

most adept solution to my baffling enigma,

You lived in my scalp every time I felt like caressing it; incorporating the

follicles of my hair with resplendent shine,

You lived in the wildest of my fantasies; the most weirdest of my

dreams; making it wholesomely sure that they didn't cause me any harm,

You lived in the lines embossed on the back of my palm; chalking my

destiny to be as bright as possible,

You lived in my sweat as it dribbled down my cheeks; inundating it with

a perennial shine,

You lived in my scent as the day unveiled itself into shivering night;

embedding my persona with an everlasting essence,

And most importantly you lived in my heart invincibly imprisoned; as it

had absolutely no vacancy for any other entity to exist.

27. ROPE OF LOVE

When they tied me in ropes of slender steel; mercilessly cupping my

hands in an airtight embrace,

I felt submerged by disparaging despair in the beginning; although

after a while I used my ingenuity and managed to wriggle out completely free

from my bondage.

When they wound me in ropes of sparkling diamonds; the acerbic edges of

stone pricked me severely in my veins,

I was a blend of tribulation and supreme rhapsody at witnessing the

jewels; although after a few hours I astutely succeeded to chisel the same and

hastily absconded.

When they strangulated me in ropes of threadbare rubber; securely tying

my hands and feet,

I felt the breath imprisoned in my chest stifling every unleashing

minute; although I somehow achieved to find a rusty knife; eloped like the

frisky giraffe after chafing my ropes.

When they enmeshed me in ropes of acrimonious thorns; the stinging

nettles made me profusely bleed,

I felt an obfuscated blur encircle my eyes; although after a few

determined gasps; I opened my barricades insurmountably flexing my muscles; and

decamped surreptitiously via the boundless ocean.

When they tethered me uncouthly in ropes of live snakes; with the

hooded monster snaring its venomous fangs on my cheek,

I felt an armory of Goosebumps creep up on my skin; sweat dribbling

like torrential rain from my body; although in the end I was able to defeat

my lethal adversary; and fled for my life as fast as those tiny legs of

mine could carry me.

When they enslaved me in ropes of thick tree roots; a plethora of worms

and pugnacious ants crawled on my body from the same,

I initially felt miserable with the insects abhorrently tickling my

flesh; although a few minutes of intense contemplation; I was able to unwind

the knots; and galloped as speedily as I could from the dense jungle.

When they captivated me in ropes of blistering iron; stuffing my mouth

with tones of fetid cotton,

I thought this was going to be my last day of holistic survival;

although within seconds I discovered a gas stove nearby; judiciously used the

flames to snap open my chains and then transgressed through the heavy door to

escape.

When they incarcerated me in ropes of coarse cloth; hanging me upside

down with my feet tautly kissing the tall ceiling,

I started perceiving the world as being grotesquely distorted; although

after a few breaths I used my teeth to acrobatically open my chords; and fled

the disdainful scenario; leaping through partially open window.

When they bound me in ropes of crude glass pieces; stripping every bit

of cloth from my persona,

I felt a stream of fresh blood oozing incessantly from my raw wounds;

although I still managed to break free vehemently flinging the pointed shards

from my arms.

And eventually when they imprisoned me in the "ROPE OF LOVE"; with my

beloved lying blissfully by my side,

I endeavored as hard as possible to scamper away; but this time though

the mesmerizing essence of her entity; the invincible power of her devotion

for my being; held me incorrigibly on the ground; to bask for centuries

unprecedented in the glory of her widespread arms.

28. THE FIRST TIME

The first time when I swam in fathomless waters of the Atlantic; my legs felt dreary with feverish exhilaration; my heart palpitated 100 beats faster,

There was an incredulous feeling of confronting the storm; floating

abreast the opalescent fish; caressing the drifting corals as I plunged down.

The first time when I ate freezing icecream; infinite buds of taste

stood up on my tongue in bewildered alacrity,

I greedily gulped the blend of protuberant cherry and cream inadvertently smearing some of it on my nose; to satiate my thirst in the scorching winds of summer.

The first time when I witnessed an accident; the lifeless form of an innocuous

pedestrian lying in a river of crimson blood,

Uncanny shivers ran down my spine at swashbuckling speeds; a dark blur

obliterated my eyes; and I swooned in a disheveled heap on the ground.

The first time when I saw a crackling fire; heaps of logs being incinerated by

a tiny matchstick,

I felt besieged by waves of curiosity; unwittingly poking my fingers in the

sapphire blue flames; although I quickly withdrew them before my flesh

got charred to soot.

The first time when I smoked a cigarette; I felt something vindictively

burning in my throat,

There were incessant bouts of coughing; succeeded by clouds of grey air

wafting from my mouth.

The first time when I drove my car; I felt tumultuous power

encompassing me; as I could increase the speed at a mere kiss to the accelerator,

However when I did so; the automobile sky rocketed towards the sky;

eventually crashing into the bakery full of rotten eggs and cakes.

The first time when I sat in the aircraft; I felt overwhelmed by the ostentatious interiors; the trays of plum juice being served in kingly fashion,

I thought of opening the translucent glass window as I usually did as I

got up from sleep; this time though I was rebuked by the airhostess from doing

so; as it could mean a difference between life and death.

The first time when I drank peach flavored wine; there was a massive cyclone

that engulfed my mind,

I seemed to have lost refined degrees of sophistication; barked a volley of

malicious expletives looking my employer straight in his eyes.

The first time when I heard the tiger growl in the jungle; the sonorous screeching of the owl; I felt clusters of hair stand like needles on my skin,

Also I didn't need to find a plush lavatory; as I had performed the call of

nature in my pants.

The first time I attended a bombastic party; with a conglomerate of sparkling

lights falling in dispersed beams; I felt awkward reverberations entrench me

from all sides,

And my situation exacerbated; when my parents introduced me to the ensemble of

dignitaries; who sipped beer as casually as they had mineral water from their glass.

The first time I held a gun in my hands; they unrelentingly shivered with cold

sweat dribbling down my forehead,

I knew I had to kill my adversary to save my own life; but in the end succumbed to the tyranny of fate; as I couldn't muster the tenacity to fire.

The first time when I heard my name; the voice of my mother stringently addressing me in her domineering,

I felt as impregnable as god in the sky; as I had now been bestowed supreme

recognition to my otherwise neglected entity.

And the first time when I saw her; sighting her silken hair blowing with the

wind; I instantly fell in the dungeon of love,

Wanting to be incarcerated with her celestial form; away from the nuances of

the world for ever and ever and ever .

29. POLISH

I polished my shoe using a blend of molten wax and color; exerting

onerous strokes with my hands,

As an aftermath they shone brilliantly under the sun; however after a

few hours of transgressing through the streets; they were completely

covered with squalid mud.

I polished the nondescript wall using a canister full of turpentine

oil; painting the same with shades of sparkling white,

As a result it appeared a stupendous treat to the eye; however after a

while I noticed abashing chocolate smudges which the children must have left

while playing.

I polished the necklace of lackluster silver by dipping it in pure

milk; vigorously kneading its periphery applying stringent lemon,

As a manifestation it shimmered magnificently under the beams of moon;

however when I sighted it after a few days it had again acquired incorrigible

stains of black juxtaposed with perspiration.

I polished my plate of food submerging it in a bath of foam; then

scrubbing it with a cloth of flocculent silk,

It glistened marvelously as if brand new; however after consuming my

meal of rice and curry; it again got coated with blemishes of black and blue.

I polished the windscreen of my car drenching it in tepid water; then

massaging it till it emanated a screeching sound,

The effect was so incredulous that I could almost spot stars sleeping

behind the sun; however after few minutes of driving the glass again looked

tainted with a sheet of nascent dust lining its borders.

I polished my finger nails using scarlet nailpolish; meticulously

applying it to engulf the entire surface,

The effect was pretty exotic as they conspicuously glimmered under the

lights; however after a fortnight the color seemed to as evanescent as the

passing storms.

I polished my teeth using a fat smear of tangy toothpaste; resolutely

stroking the brush umpteenth times on their surface,

As a consequence the armory of my enamel radiated like scintillating

pearls; however as the day unveiled itself into night; I saw a host of germ and

bacteria sticking merrily to them.

I polished my attire using an antiseptic bar of detergent; brushing

away the most minuscule particle of dust from my collar,

As a result of which I got profoundly noticed in public; however after

a few minutes a speeding car sprayed a drizzle of fetid water while passing;

and my immaculate demeanor was now converted to mere shambles.

I polished the floor all day using all sorts of modern contrivances;

even going to the extent of licking it clean with my tongue,

As an inevitable outcome it emitted brilliant ramifications of purity;

however after sometime was rendered indescribable; as unruly strangers entered

with their dirty feet.

But as far as my beloved was concerned she didn't need the slightest of

sparkle; the slightest of ostentation to project her persona,

The inner beauty of her heart perennially shone; irrespective of

changing seasons and the unleashing of time,

She was the only person who by my perception was the most beautiful;

the one who didn't need the slightest of polish.

30. IF I WERE TO CHOOSE

If I were to choose from; speeding in a motorboat to swimming against

choppy waves of the ocean,

I would prefer wading across the stormy waters profusely moving my

arms; rather than the insipid journey in the cruise liner.

If I were to choose from; languishing on the flocculent couch to

sleeping on the stone cold floor,

I would prefer to caress the ground; roll wildly in unparalleled

exuberance; rather than the effeminate comfort of the bed.

If I were to choose from; transgressing the desert barefoot to riding

on profoundly hunched camel back,

I would prefer to walk feeling the tenacity of blistering sun on my

back; rather than petulantly torture the innocuous beast.

If I were to choose from; reaching the pinnacle of the mountain top on

cable car to clambering up using a knotted rope,

I would prefer to onerously scramble my way to the top basking in the

spirit of paramount adventure; rather than descending on my destination

without flexing the slightest of my muscle.

If I were to choose from; drinking opulent wine floating in swanky

glasses to crystalline liquid extracted from the belly of earth,

I would prefer rapidly gulping the scintillating water; rather than

collapsing in a disheveled heap on the ground after devouring the inebriating

elixir.

If I were to choose from; inhaling artificial air from the compact

cylinder of oxygen to breathing directly from the atmosphere,

I would prefer to expand my lungs to their full capacity in my chest

drawing in ravishing puffs of oxygen; rather than respiring the adulterated

surroundings.

If I were to choose from; watching television to voraciously reading

infinite lines of literature,

I would prefer to exorbitantly exert my eyes trying to innovatively

perceive in the dormitories of my mind; rather than indolently viewing gaudy

images flickering on the silver screen.

If I were to choose from; dancing in the sleazy discotheque in an

ambience of bombastic lights to swirling on the vast ground,

I would prefer to rambunctiously gyrate under the dazzling sun god;

rather than consciously moving my body in the realms of nimble sophistication.

If I were to choose from; residing in the grandiloquent palace to the

rustic interiors of a tumbledown hut,

I would prefer to live in the ramshackle barn with boisterous droplets

of rain cascading freely through blatantly gaping holes; rather than having a

fleet of bodyguards parading around my impoverished persona.

If I were to choose from; staying secure in custody of the corrupt

leaders den to flinging my life away for the sake of my country,

I would prefer; to indiscriminately shed my blood on the battlefield

rather than keep leading a life of opprobrious contempt.

And if I were to choose from; my beloved and boundless notes of white

currency, I would definitely prefer her compounded with our penurious condition

to live; rather than leading a lackluster life divested of the desire to

struggle; a life utterly bereft of the zeal to live.

31. WHEN WE TALK ABOUT LOVE

When we talk about the fiery body of sun; it's magnanimous stature in

the sky,

The cardinal thing that inundates our mind; is its dazzling shine; and

the blistering rays that emanate indefatigably throughout the day.

When we talk about the placid persona of lake; the plethora of ripples

embodied on its surface,

The salient thing that floods our mind; is the boats floating on it;

the conglomerate of resplendent fish beneath its surface.

When we talk about the blossoming flowers in the garden; the wild

stalks of grass circumventing them,

The chief thing that deluges our mind; is the fragrance that

perennially wafts from them; the sweet nectar incarcerated in their core.

When we talk about the colossal desert; the sweltering heat permeating

the ambience like dagger heads of acrimonious steel,

The conspicuous thing that overwhelms our mind; is the astronomical

amounts of slippery sand; the hunchbacked camels traversing through its territory.

When we talk about the steep mountains; gigantic streams of water

plummeting down their slopes,

The remarkable thing that imprisons our mind; is its summits standing abreast the clouds; the melodious gurgling sounds of liquid cascading down towards the ground.

When we talk about the tenacious wind; turbulent draughts of breeze

sweeping the periphery of earth,

The prominent thing that encapsulates our mind; is rustling of the tree

leaves; the loose granules of mud which fly incoherently in air.

When we talk about the preposterously huge whales; their monstrous pair

of teeth which pulverize humans to chowder,

The main thing that engulfs our mind; is swirling waves of the majestic

ocean; the animated aquatic life inhabiting the fathomless waters.

When we talk about the diminutive mosquito; its proliferation in pools of fetid water,

The profound thing that envelops our mind; is incessant sounds of cacophonic

buzzing; the animosity in sting which painstakingly infiltrates in our flesh.

When we talk about gargantuan slices of cheese; the rich and sumptuous

odor diffusing from the same,

The supreme thing that strangulates our mind; is the sacrosanct cow

yielding immaculate milk; the delicious taste it would impart when we revolve it

in our mouth.

And when we talk about true love; the blissful aftermath of falling in romance,

The first thing that inevitably pierces our mind; is the mesmerizing image of

our beloved; the celestial reflections of her dainty feet.

32. THE ONLY PERSON

Even If an inconspicuous particle of dust entered your eye; making you

wildly scratch with your tender palms,

That very moment I would go completely blind; wholesomely abdicating

the ability to perspicuously see.

Even if you tripped inadvertently on the floor; slightly bruising the

skin on your fragile shoulders,

That very moment I would collapse on the ground; developing a series of

multiple fracture in my feet.

Even if you coughed a trifle; as an aftermath of poignant pepper encompassing your nostrils,

That very moment I would have unrelenting bouts of rapid breathing; incessantly sneeze till the time my eyes popped out of their sockets.

Even if you perceived a baseless fear; of drizzling rain water disdainfully drenching you,

That very moment I would gruesomely drown in the colossal ocean; incorrigibly

refraining to steer my way up the surface.

Even if you tossed and turned petulantly on the bed for a few minutes;

before falling into a sound slumber,

That very moment I would irrevocably stare into black space; keeping

awake the entire night like a dreaded insomniac.

Even if you banged your robust fists softly into the wall; expressing

your profound indignation at getting late for office,

That very moment I would put my hands under the springing axe;

pulverizing them into infinite splinters of bone.

Even if you contracted a minuscule infection; with the imbalance in

your body disappearing within a few hours of stringent medication,

That very moment I would have astronomically high levels of tribal

fever; with the entire of my silhouette burning like a piece of red coal.

Even if you got an iota pierced; by the irascible mosquito

unceremoniously hovering around,

That very moment I would be bitten by swarms of stinging bees;

inserting their venomous tentacles into my cheeks.

Even if you felt a little suffocated; wading through the claustrophobic

queues for the railway ticket,

That very moment I would relinquish breath in perpetual entirety; and

my heart would cease to throb in its cavity.

All this is because you are the only person I have profoundly loved

in my life sweetheart; the only deity I worship and adore,

And as every breath of yours unleashes; mine gets automatically a million times faster.

33. I WOULD STILL CONSIDER MYSELF THE RICHEST

Even if you possessed a plethora of thoroughbred horses; galloping

handsomely through moist paddy fields,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of

drowning my persona into the cascade of her silken hair.

Even if you had a palace profusely embedded with gold; dungeons replete

with scores of glittering diamonds,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I could tickle the mesmerizing skin of her cheek; sending inexplicable shivers down my spine.

Even if you possessed swanky cars to philander across the countryside;

a fleet of helicopters following you at close quarters,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had her ravishing

breath caressing my neck; catapulting me into waves of tumultuous rhapsody.

Even if you possessed a private swimming pool; impregnated with crystal

spring water from the mountains to bathe in,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of

sighting my reflection in her glistening tears.

Even if you possessed a pair of fur coated shoes; with exquisite

leather studded commensurately at all quarters,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of

lying in complete surrender at the pair of her dainty feet.

Even if you possessed a flurry of maids to serve you dinner; ornate

glasses embellished with pearls to drink opulent wine,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of

masticating boiled rice prepared fresh by her sacrosanct hands.

Even if you had a colossal assemblage of people spuriously worshipping

you; applauding you wholesomely for your most minuscule of deed,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of

witnessing her ingratiating smile; which grew distinctly large as she

spotted me.

Even if you had a conglomerate of effeminate statues; sculptured to immaculate perfection; molded out of molten wax and draped with the richest quality of silk,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of embracing her impeccable demeanor in entirety.

Even if you had a sword embodied with iridescent jewels; which you placed in a

scabbard made of rustic panther skin,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the audacity to confront any power in this world; simply uttering your enchanting name.

Even if you had a gargantuan basket of roses; extravagantly stashed with

flowers from all round the globe,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of absorbing the essence of golden sweat which dribbled from her body.

Even if you possessed flamboyant pairs of sunglasses; embodied with jugglery

of enthusing designs; and gaudy strips of plastic,

I would still consider myself the richest; as I had the privilege of viewing

my reflection in her emphatic eyes.

Even if you possessed the tangiest of toothpaste; incorporated in garish

interiors of an ostentatious bottle,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of appreciating the scintillating armory of her teeth.

Even if you possessed a golden band fudged with sapphire emeralds; dipped in

an ocean of honey,

I would still consider myself as the richest; as I had the privilege of being

slapped by her delectable hands.

And even if you procured the entire wealth in this world; owning every dwelling protruding from the surface of earth,

I would still consider myself the richest man on earth; as your affluence

miserably floundered to purchase her; while I had the privilege of possessing

her in mind; body and soul; perpetually till the time she tangibly existed.

34. WOULD YOU EVER BELIEVE

Would you ever believe if I called a nondescript table of teakwood; as

a vivacious bird soaring high in the sky,

Would you ever believe if I called a ruffled sheet of paper; as a chunk of glittering gold,

Would you ever believe if I called a grandiloquent watch embodied with

diamonds; as a lump of bedraggled stone,

Would you ever believe if I called a mountain of compacted mud; as a

switchboard of pugnacious electricity,

Would you ever believe if I called a resplendent rainbow in the sky; as

a broomstick with incongruous bristles,

Would you ever believe if I called a rusty canister of dilapidated

iron; as a mesmerizing rose growing in the garden,

Would you ever believe if I called a pink tablet of luxury soap; as a

mosquito hovering acrimoniously in the cloistered room,

Would you ever believe if I called a boat rollicking merrily on the

undulating waves; as a rustic jungle spider,

Would you ever believe if I called a valley profusely embedded with

snow; as an unscrupulous dog on the street,

Would you ever believe if I called a pair of luscious lips; as a disdainfully fetid shoe,

Would you ever believe if I called a fluorescent rod of light; as a jagged bush of cactus growing in the sweltering desert,

Would you ever believe if I called the blazing sun; as a pudgy bar of delectable chocolate,

Would you ever believe if I called an angular sculptured bone; as acid bubbling in a swanky bottle,

Would you ever believe if I called a scintillating oyster; as an inarticulate

matchstick coated with lead,

Would you ever believe if I called a cluster of bells jingling from the ceiling; as a sordid cockroach philandering beside the lavatory seat,

Would you ever believe if I called a fruit of succulent coconut; as a dead mans morbid tooth,

Would you ever believe If I called a steaming cup of filter coffee; as gaudily

colored water emanating from the street fountains,

Would you ever believe if I called the majestic statue of a revered historian;

as a slab of tangy peanut butter,

Would you ever believe if I called a vibrant shirt; as a protuberant pigeon discerningly pecking its beak at grains scattered on the floor,

Would you ever believe if I called a flocculent bud of cotton; as a camouflaged lizard transgressing through wild projections of grass,

Would you ever believe if I called a photograph depicting the steep gorges; as

a gutter inundated with obnoxious sewage,

Would you ever believe if I called a lanky giraffe; as a convict nefariously

lurking through solitary streets of the city,

Would you ever believe if I called a pair of flamboyant sunglasses; as a weird

tattoo to be adhered to the chest,

Would you ever believe if I called a chicken's egg; as logs of sooty charcoal

abundantly stashed in the colossal warehouse,

Would you ever believe if I called a biscuit replete with golden honey ; as a

ominously slithering reptile in the jungles,

Would you ever believe if I called a bald man possessing a profoundly tonsured

scalp; as a gas balloon floating in insipid air,

Would you ever believe if I called a ring embellished with crystal diamonds;

as an inconspicuous and distorted metallic pin,

Would you ever believe if I called a crimson crested parrot; as a tray containing frozen ice,

Would you ever believe if I called a glass made of pallid plastic; as a gargantuan well flooded with water and dead frogs,

Would you ever believe if I called wooden beams dangling from the ceiling; as finely squelched juice of red radish,

Would you ever believe if I called an articulately painted canvas; as slime coated fossil lying in close proximity with the sea bed,

Would you ever believe if I called a diminutive tadpole; as a fortified wall commensurately aligned with burnt bricks,

Would you ever believe if I called a mammoth elephant; as rotten pulp of mango

being tossed indiscriminately on the street,

Would you ever believe if I called a truck inundated with cumbersome machines;

as an aromatic seed of plant,

Would you ever believe if I called a sheet of crisp paper; as a rubicund fruit

of juicy plum,

Would you ever believe if I called a trouser of jaded jeans; as a greeting card fudged with scores of ostentatious lines,

Would you ever believe if I called a ravishing pair of eyelashes; as a disheveled pantry inhabited with clusters of stray mice,

Would you ever believe if I called a dazzling yellow helmet; as a preposterously huge whale of the ocean,

Would you ever believe if I called a piquant stick of chili; as an animated butterfly fluttering at low heights from the ground,

Would you ever believe if I called a hideously black rope; as a mushroom sizzling in the blistering oven,

Would you ever believe if I called a magazine of lead bullets; as an avalanche of snow plummeting down the mountain at turbulent speeds,

Would you ever believe if I called an incredibly cool air-conditioner; as a curry of decayed cream lying obsolete in the garbage heap,

Would you ever believe if I called a scintillating tooth; as a big toe of a striped panther,

Would you ever believe if I called a jazzy strip of belt; as a corrugated assemblage of tree roots,

Would you ever believe if I called a slate of pure chalk; as a tier floating harmlessly in water,

Would you ever believe if I called a chain with infinite loops; as a graveyard sprawled with morbid coffins,

Would you ever believe if I called a pot bellied tortoise; as a languid peel of paint hanging lackadaisically from the nondescript wall,

Would you ever believe if I called a shimmering coin of currency; as a zany zebra galloping at whirlwind speeds through the desert,

Would you ever believe if I called a bottle of inebriating rum; as a frigid contact lens agglutinated to the eye,

Would you ever believe if I called sacrosanct religion; as licentious profanity,

Would you ever believe if I called candid truth; as a profoundly blatant lie,

Would you ever believe if I called the omniscient personality of god; as a perniciously diabolical devil,

And would you ever believe if I called "true love"; as a spurious product of imagination; a frivolous case of casual infatuation.

35. WHILE PASSING BY HER HOUSE

While philandering through the bustling traffic streets; the most conspicuous

thing that caught my eye; was obnoxious clouds of derogatory smoke rising in

the air,

While strolling past the sea shore; the most conspicuous thing that caught my

eye; was swirling waves breaking down into infinite granules of froth after

striking the rocks,

While gallivanting on a horse through the meandering mountain lanes; the most

conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was unsurpassable depth of the panoramic

valley,

While ambling languidly through a lush green cricket field; the most conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was an ensemble of polished stumps well embedded in the ground,

While trespassing through the vivacious circus grounds; the most conspicuous

thing that caught my eye; was garishly attired ludicrous clowns,

While walking gingerly on a frayed rope; the most conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was the tall board fluttering high and highlighting finish,

While soaring at astronomical heights from the ground in an airplane; the most

conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was the boundless expanse of misty white

clouds,

While penning down intricate lines of literature; the most conspicuous thing

that caught my eye; was a table of sparkling mahogany wood on which were

placed the bulky sheaf of paper,

While swimming underwater with an assemblage of opalescent green permeating

into my eyes; the most conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was the preposterously huge shark gliding past at whisker lengths from my persona,

While clambering up the steep mountain; the most conspicuous thing that caught

my eye; was fiery body of sun profoundly illuminating the sky,

While sipping sizzling tea from the triangular shaped paper cup; the most

conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was the rustic brown liquid incarcerated

within; in gay abandon,

While dangling from the elastic branches of a densely foliated tree; the most

conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was the catacombed hive; inhabited by

the obstreperously humming bee,

While lying sprawled on a bed of pudgy and redolent grass; the most conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was a blanket of mesmerizing stars scintillating vividly in the crystal clear sky,

While riding on a hunch backed camel tightly straddled to its sides; the most

conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was the blistering expanse of shimmering

sands spreading almost till eternity,

While traversing up towards the 150th floor in a grandiloquent elevator; the most conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was a impeccable panel of rotund buttons; with a jugglery of numerals embossed immaculately upon them,

While praying incessantly in front of the idol of the omniscient creator; the

most conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was an ingratiating aura lingering

profusely around his sacrosanct forehead,

While vigorously kneading chunks of flaccid dough; the most conspicuous thing

that caught my eye; was pellucid bottles incorporated with appetizing recipes

stashed neatly on the shelves,

While rolling voraciously in a pond of fetid manure; the most conspicuous

thing that caught my eye; was a fleet of pigs darting rampantly in my direction,

While wading through a tunnel engulfed by perennial darkness; the most conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was diminutive beams of faint light flooding intermittently,

And while passing by her partially obfuscated house window panes; the most

conspicuous thing that caught my eye; was emphatic contours of her enamouring

face; the stupendous beauty hidden well within her glistening eyes.

36. YOU CAN NEVER BREAK OUR PERPETUAL LOVE

In order to break the scented flower; they crushed it indiscriminately

with their large and bohemian feet,

In order to break the fortified edifice; they blasted it with pugnacious dynamite; to send it crumbling like a pack of silken cards towards the obdurate ground,

In order to break the inflated balloon; they pricked it with a rusty

iron pin to evacuate tones of stale air incarcerated inside,

In order to break the soft mountain of pudgy mud; they punched it hard

in the midriff; with their callous hands,

In order to break through the computer; they invented ingenious ways

and means to decipher its enigmatic password,

In order to break the solid log of dried timber wood; they used a

serrated edged metallic saw; ruthlessly slicing through its body,

In order to break the slender candle of wax; they melted it in

crackling flames; leaping rampantly from the kitchen fire,

In order to break long shards of pellucid glass; they smashed them against jagged rocks; sending them flying into infinitesimal splinters all around,

In order to break a colossal pool of placid water; they viciously struck the same with corrugated twigs; engendering a plethora of waves to creep up on the surface,

In order to break stillness of air; they permeated it with strident tunes of discordant cacophony; emanating from the loudspeaker,

In order to break the conglomerate of satiny clouds; they marauded the same with poisonous pellets and sharp missiles,

In order to break the pointed thorn; they pulverized it to pulp; after boiling it in sizzling water,

In order to break triangular cubes of frozen ice; they kept them under stringent light of the sun; and then waited for the inevitable aftermath to follow,

In order to break through the fool proof house; they adroitly deactivated the

incredulous burglar alarm; stepped barefoot without making the slightest of

sound into the house,

In order to break the lethal snake; they snapped apart its venomous fangs; rendering it as innocuous as a domicile rabbit,

In order to break the skull; they banged it tenaciously with a crude bludgeon; dismantling it into incommensurate halves,

In order to break bonded paper stuck with adhesive glue; they weakened it substantially by applying loads of slippery saliva,

In order to break intense concentration; they flooded veins in the body with gallons of inebriating alcohol,

In order to break an individuals moral; they incessantly castigated him; made a baseless mockery of his caricature,

And in order to break our "PERPETUAL LOVE"; they tried their best attempts

possible; however miserably floundered; as it was impossible to accomplish the same without taking our lives; and even if they did that; they would yet be unsuccessful; as we would definitely be reborn again; to love each other more intensely than we ever did before.

37. NOSTALGIA

The fish slithering in the claustrophobic swimming tank; had a

nostalgia for swirling waters of the gargantuan ocean,

The flower sprouting from the cloistered pot; had a nostalgia for

growing in farm soil; with an ambience of wind blowing tenaciously,

The spider crawling in dingy corners of the dilapidated mansion; had a nostalgia for traversing through vivacious threads of web; dangling from trees in the amazon forest,

The crimson beaked bird incarcerated in grilled cage; had a nostalgia

for flapping its wings exuberantly in the sky,

The blistering lava imprisoned at unprecedented depths beneath the

ground; had a nostalgia to fulminate into infinite fountains in fresh air,

The globules of fat moisture trapped in ominous thunder clouds; had a

nostalgia for cascading down rampantly in the form of glistening rain,

The biscuits of glittering gold embedded in dilapidated dungeons; had a

nostalgia for; people admiring them in dazzling rays of the sun,

The lifeless panther embodied in the mammoth photograph; had a nostalgia for

coming out alive; open his jaws in a domineering growl,

The blind man traversing on the streets with a disdainful stick; had a nostalgia for sighting the world; fantasizing it in its most stupendous form ever,

The battalion of frogs in the solitary and deep well; had a nostalgia for bathing in pools of monsoon water,

The hunch backed camel trespassing through the crowded city streets; had a

nostalgia for wandering languidly in the sandy desert,

The diminutive flames of wax candle stifling with the slightest of breeze; had

a nostalgia for being the escalating flames of a crackling fire,

The granules of white salt jailed tightly in pellucid bottles; had a nostalgia

for being sprawled on the saline sea shores,

The scientists stalling for time on marshy soil; had a nostalgia every minute

for inhabiting the opalescent moon,

The tones of noxious gas encapsulated in an inflated balloon; had a nostalgia

for whistling past the air at lightening speeds,

The pallid milk stored in canisters of rusty iron; had a nostalgia for oozing out from blossoming teats of the sacrosanct cow,

The people residing in alien countries; had a nostalgia for returning back as quickly as possible to blend with their native mud,

The orphaned child wailing incoherently on the dusty roads; had a nostalgia for embracing his departed mother,

And every palpable entity treading on this earth; had a nostalgia for finding its soul mate; languishing in the aisles of desire and perpetual relationship; till the time it inhaled air and blissfully existed.

38. ONE MUST LEARN

In order to taste the sweet kernel of coconut; one must learn to break

open its obdurate shell,

In order to experience the ravishing aroma of waves; one must learn to

tenaciously swim in the choppy waters,

In order to imbibe the splendor of the desert; one must learn to traverse

audaciously on the blistering hot silver sands,

In order to relish the coolness of ice; one must learn how to scrupulously

masticate it,

In order to savor the flavor of milk; one must learn to adroitly squeeze it

from blossoming cow teats,

In order to enjoy the scent of lotus flower; one must learn to bathe in a pond replete with a curry of slushy mud; blended commensurately with creepers sprawling in all directions,

In order to hear strident tunes of music; one must learn to keep his ears in close affinity with the rustic country discotheque,

In order to bask in pure light; one must learn to sit perseveringly under fiery golden rays of the sun,

In order to extract exorbitant amounts of gold; one must learn to dig till unfathomable depths; with hostile blade of pickaxe intermittently brazing against the knee,

In order to embellish the body with serrated crocodile skin; one must learn to kill the ferocious beast; then adroitly strip its skin from its diabolical network of bones,

In order to uninhibitedly smile; one must learn to flex ones lips profoundly; stretching the cheeks as far as possible,

In order to sip delectable tea; one must learn to burn his taste buds profusely; as the steaming liquid came in proximity with the tongue,

In order to witness exuberant wails of an innocuous infant; one must learn to deliver the same after undergoing months of painstaking agony,

In order to sketch mesmerizing shapes of the hills; one must learn to commensurately blend root color; vivaciously swishing the brush on sprawling sheets of plain white canvas,

In order to envisage celestial fairies and angels; one must learn to exert the tendons of his brain to fullest capacity; and then dream,

In order to get bountiful crops; one must learn to sow the right proportion of salubrious seeds,

In order to make the morbid surface of walls sparkle; one must learn to whitewash them; with mammoth chunks of chalk powder and paint,

In order to feel tangy perspiration trickle down the nape; one must learn to clamber up the mountain barefoot in sweltering waves of heat,

In order to survive; one must learn to stand unflinching against the hostile vagaries of this world; prove his true mettle in every sphere of life,

And in order to love; one must learn to unselfishly sacrifice; wholesomely dedicate his mind; body and soul to the deity he reveres; the person who made him feel every unveiling minute of the day; that he was breathing; he was alive.

39. YOU WERE MY HEART BEAT

I was the jewel of your mystical eyes; the infinite clusters of eyelashes drooping down from your lids,

While you were my ability to see; my omnipotent power of sight.

I was the glow that encapsulated your lips; the luscious color that made them poignantly scarlet,

While you were tinkling laughter; the smile that besieged the contours of my face till eternity.

I was the unprecedented number of cells that lingered in your brain; the network of membranes that made it function blissfully,

While you were my virtue to prudently discriminate; the immortal strength of my memory.

I was your rubicund tongue; the gallons of free saliva circulating ecstatically in your palette,

While you were my mesmerizing voice; my invincible prowess of eloquent speech.

I was your intricate veins; the dainty flesh that entrenched them in entirety,

While you were the golden droplets of sweat that oozed from my arms; the

crimson blood traversing ferociously through my body.

I was your ears; the globules of impeccable flesh dangling nimbly across your

cheek,

While you were my ability to decipher the most ethereal of sound; my tenacity to hear and tolerate ignominious rebukes of the society.

I was your stomach; the conglomerate of intestines incoherently entwined inside,

While you were the sumptuous food residing there; putting me contentedly into

a tranquil slumber.

I was your dainty feet; the spongy toes protruding symmetrically from within deep recesses of your supple skin,

While you were my energy to surge forward; my unrelenting fervor to bounce ahead in life.

I was your hands; the delectable armory of fingers which harmoniously moved to

accomplish scores of Herculean tasks,

While you were the lines embedded in the center of my palm; the path which portrayed and executed my destiny.

And I have no inhibitions revealing that I was your heart; the air which you inhaled; the breath that escaped with an exhilarated gasp from your nostrils,

While you were the beats that made my heart violently throb; the pulse that trembled placidly in my wrists; the very purpose for which I was breathing and alive this second; and would retain life for many more hours to unwind.

40. TOOLS

I had a fantasy to write prolifically; inundate every space of bonded paper with exquisite literature,

The only tools I had were my knotted fingers; a labyrinth of impeccable tunnels in my brain; to pen down the lines; transform my dream into tangible reality.

I had a fantasy to clamber Mount Everest; reach its Herculean summit suspended

in thin wisps of clouds,

The only tools I had were my strong legs; an overwhelming tenacity in my mind to set my foot on the coveted peak.

I had a fantasy to swim amidst the swirling waves; relish the pungent spray of the ocean splashing across my cheek,

The only tools I had were my muscular arms; the exhilaration in my body propelling me to surge forward.

I had a fantasy to scratch scintillating crusts of gold; from the mammoth chain of underground rocks,

The only tools I had were my incongruously extruding nails; the pertinence in my persona to keep peeling; till I found that incorrigible glow.

I had a fantasy to drink frosty milk; sip the unadulterated elixir with great relish painstakingly down my throat,

The only tools I had were my articulate fingers to extract the same from mother cow; alongwith a canister to fill the same as it oozed out.

I had a fantasy to smell the stupendously exotic; drown in its fragrance for times immemorial,

The only tools I had were the incredibly red and redolent rose; a pair of supremely sensitive nostrils; drawn inevitably towards the flower.

I had a fantasy to ride on the majestic lion; caress my hands nimbly through the beasts nape,

The only tools I had were a stick impregnated with tanned leather; loads of unprecedented and daunting courage enveloping my demeanor.

I had a fantasy to plummet head on from the aircraft; fly uninhibitedly in the

galaxy of resplendent stars; before reaching the earth,

The only tools I had were conventional strings of the parachute strapped to my

back; astronomical amounts of resilience in my countenance; to descend like an

angel from the heavens.

I had a fantasy to voraciously read through a library of books; profusely blend with the history of medieval times,

The only tools I had were my insatiable ability to imbibe; crystalline and emphatic eyes bestowed upon me by the Creator.

I had a fantasy to listen to enchanting music; drift myself wholesomely towards the most mesmerizing and melodious tunes,

The only tools I had were insurmountable patience to wait for the nightingale to open its beak; hollow spaces of my eardrum to assist me grasp the rhapsody

in the sound.

And I had fantasy to philander in the aisles of ravishing romance; burn passionately in the flames of immortal love and desire,

The only tools I had were my mightily pounding heart; and my impeccable yet

enchanting beloved.

41. THE ONLY BEAT I POSSESSED

The only sound I heard all day; was your mesmerizing voice,

The only color that I fantasized all night; was that of your luscious lips,

The only objects I saw; were what you unrelentingly perceived,

The only skin that I wanted to kiss till infinity; was the one engulfing your crimson cheek,

The only writing I ardently adored; was one that exquisitely flowed from your delectable fingers,

The only relation that I profoundly acknowledged; was your magnificent and

immaculate visage,

The only food that I yearned to consume; was the one already pulverized with

your scintillating teeth,

The only scent that drowned me into waves of perpetual ecstasy; was one emanating from your ravishing hair,

The only tunes I danced too; were the passionate clapping of your dainty hands,

The only air I breathed; was the one rampantly diffusing from your nostrils,

The only mantra I chanted incessantly; was your irrefutably sacrosanct name,

The only reflection I witnessed; was the one pouring harmoniously from your

impeccable eyes,

The only agony I felt; was saline streams of water trickling down your cheek,

The only nostalgia I had for; was poignant memories of your innocuous childhood,

The only shadow that submerged me; was one that radiated majestically from

your persona,

The only exhilaration in my life; was tinkling gasps of your vivacious laughter,

The only rest I had; were your fingers silently caressing my forehead,

The only obsession I had; was your everlasting fragrance sending shivers of

rhapsody down my spine,

And the ONLY BEAT I POSSESSED; was the heart incarcerated in your chest;

throbbing turbulently the instant it sighted me; bonding me immortally in the

invincible grip of your romance.

42. INCOMPLETE

Every cloud in the cosmos was incomplete without rain; the water that instilled signs of life in the dead; after cascading down,

Every wave in the sea was incomplete without raw salt; the granules of tanginess embedded, that granted it a ravishing aroma,

Every pearl incarcerated within the slimy oyster was incomplete without its shine; the scintillating glow that crowned it the king of all gems,

Every flower protruding from the soil was incomplete without its petals; the intricate furls of crimson that inundated the air with a rejuvenating fragrance,

Every bird soaring in the sky was incomplete without its wings; the slender flaps of skin that engendered it to fly,

Every patch of earth was incomplete without mushy grass; the tendrils of enchanting green; which voluptuously tingled the feet,

Every mountain was incomplete without its summit; the towering peaks that profoundly distinguished it from the ordinary lumps of mud,

Every lion transgressing through the dense jungle was incomplete without its growl; the thunderous sound that petrifies all animals in vicinity; to the last bone of their spine,

Every desert was incomplete without its sands; the golden crystals of slippery soil that flew rampantly in the air with the rustic breeze,

Every star in the sky was incomplete without its twinkle; the omnipotent shimmer diffusing from its demeanor,

Every dungeon was incomplete without darkness; the appalling gloom that encompassed it in entirety,

Every cactus extruding from scorched mud was incomplete without its thorns;

the acrimonious bristles; which stabbed like infinite burnt needles when caressed,

Every snake slithering through the marshy swamps was incomplete without

is venom; the poison impregnated in its fangs that strangulated its victim to

ghastly death,

Every fire burning was incomplete without its flames; the leaping wisps of

blistering smoke that wafted out as an aftermath,

Every man was incomplete without a moustache; the black bush of hard hair

embodied stringently to his lips,

Every temple was incomplete without god; the omnipresent aura inhabiting each

space, that created us all,

Every mother was incomplete without her child; the innocuous infant that suckled milk from her chest,

Every heart was incomplete without its vivacious beat; the throbbing pulse embedded that unleashed life,

And every life was incomplete without love; the person who made it feel special; the person who made it feel the reason to be blissfully alive

43. LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT

I didn't know who she was; what was her veritable name,

I had no idea how she looked; the most minuscule perception of her shadow,

I was completely oblivious to the color of her hair; the shade of mascara she

applied to her eyes,

I didn't know where she lived; the slightest of insinuation regarding her religion,

I was wholesomely unaware of the cadence of her voice; the tone in which she spoke,

I miserably dithered in guessing her true age; wasn't apprised the least of the course she was studying,

I failed to conceive whether she was rich or indigent; the hierarchy that possessed her,

I never could imagine the silhouettes of her lips; the freckles prevalent in tandem on her face,

I hadn't the slightest premonition about her nature; whether she was tranquil or loved to menacingly shout,

I couldn't contemplate the people she liked; the hobbies that entrenched her life in her pastime,

I had never visualized her stature; whether she was tall or abnormally midget,

I didn't know the rings that adorned her fingers; the texture of the fabric that embellished her countenance,

I was at a profound loss of her words to describe her dreams; the things which

she fantasized about the most,

I appeared imbecile when someone queried me about her looks; whether she was

ominous as the diabolical monster; or was a replica of godly white,

I hadn't the slightest idea of the food she liked; the appetizing delicacies that titillated her appetite,

I was badly befuddled; at a loss for words; when quizzed about the places she

adored; the animals she liked,

I couldn't cogitate the least regarding her hair; whether it cascaded down till the floor; or she had it as short as a man,

I didn't know where she last came from; the next step she was going to tread in town,

Yet when we met; banging inadvertently against each other on the crowded street; our eyes seemed locked till infinite times; the words I Love You; just mumbled out themselves; and we were proud to proclaim that it was indeed "LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT".

44. I LOVED YOU AND STILL HATED YOU

I loved your eyes for they were mesmerizing and beautiful; globules of

empathy trickling down their periphery; the instant they witnessed someone in

agony and pain,

At the same time I hated them for wandering around unwittingly; trying

To explore and admire beautiful faces except mine.

I loved your hands as they were masculine and tough; caressed through the satiny ensemble of my hair; drowning me into an ocean of perpetual ecstasy,

At the same I hated them for inadvertently brushing across someone in the

crowd; entwining in a vice like grip with alien fingers; occasionally during the day in a handshake.

I loved your smile as it was delectably amicable; making me gasp in utter bewilderment,

At the same time I hated it when you flashed the same at cocktail parties; greeted every person on the door with it spreading infectiously across our facial contours.

I loved your sonorous voice; the crisp yet enchanting sounds which emanated when you opened your mouth to utter my name,

At the same time I hated it when you used the same to appease your confederates; addressed colossal gatherings; emphatically on the mike.

I loved your revitalizing aroma; the scent of perspiration that dribbled profusely from your body,

At the same time I hated it; when your overwhelming charisma crowned you the

king in the office; insatiably drifted your female counterparts in intimate contacts with your persona.

I loved your unsurpassable sense of concern; the umpteenth number of times of times you slept on the cold floor; for me to relish the warmth of the fire,

At the same time I hated it; when you displayed it to others; went out of your

way to gratify their demands.

I loved your ears; the flaccid globes of flesh dangling majestically across your neck swaying nimbly in the air,

At the same time I hated them for listening attentively to intricate sounds; instead of being wholesomely engrossed in mine.

I loved your hair; the jet black strands of follicles that profoundly embellished your scalp,

At the same time I hated them; when they blew rampantly in the direction of

wind blowing from the opposite side.

I loved your breath; the passion it ignited when It plummeted down the bare skin of my cheek,

At the same I hated it; when an infinitesimal portion of it struck the earth; instead of blending completely with my soul.

And I loved your heart; was simply enamored to hear it throb turbulently against my palms,

At the same time I hated it; as the girl next door wanted to imprison it as badly; as perhaps I could die for it.

45. WHAT THE ENTIRE WEALTH COULDN'T PURCHASE

What the entire palace wasn't able to offer; with its towering rooms

Studded with scintillating jewels,

Was imparted by the dingy little seaside hut; with swirling waves of

the ocean; intermittently submerging it with coats of rejuvenating spray.

What the entire pool of water wasn't able to offer; with mesmerizing fountains

cascading all over,

Was imparted by the miserly waterfall; pacifying the thirst of wanderers in

the blistering currents of summer.

What the entire air-conditioner wasn't able to offer; gargantuan coolers blowing at full velocity refrained from providing,

Was imparted by a single draught of wind; drifting with the rustling branches of the forest; inundating your senses with a serene calm.

What the entire electric bulb wasn't able to offer; with a barrage of lights flickering incessantly throughout the day,

Was imparted by solitary rays of the sun; the tenacity in its fire blazing through the corridors of gloomy space.

What the entire magic wasn't able to offer; shows portraying the same held in

ostentatious halls; in an ambience of superfluous pomp,

Was imparted by the mystical mountain; the echoes reverberating loud and

enigmatic through its unfathomably deep gorge.

What the entire barrel of wine wasn't able to offer; sparkling mugs ofbeer

and elixir miserably dithered to produce,

Was imparted by a single stream of salubrious milk; oozing painstakingly from

the belly of the sacrosanct cow.

What the entire bottle of scent wasn't able to offer; the plethora of blends

floundered in making the aroma evoke,

Was imparted by a single rose; with the redolence wafting from its petals

drowning you in waves of immortal euphoria.

What the entire orphanage wasn't able to offer; the delinquent nurses deviated

from doing,

Was imparted by the impeccable mother; the gentle passion in her palmsputting

the child to blissful sleep.

What the entire thesaurus on religion wasn't able to offer; the sanctimonious

priests on umpteenth occasions wavered to deliver,

Was imparted by the omniscient creator; the magnetism in his eyes; solving all

quandaries besieging life.

And what the entire wealth in this world wasn't able to offer; the dungeons

replete with glittering gold and silver failed to imprison,

Was imparted by your beloved; that every draught of her breath granting

you a thousand lives; that every beat of her heart passionately whispering in

your ears to be alive.

46. BROKEN HEARTS

In order to resurrect the broken nose; one needed to perform adroit surgery,

In order to recondition broken hair; one needed to scrub them profusely with silken shampoo,

In order to mend the broken mirror; one needed to reinforce it with pellucid strips of glass,

In order to remold the broken mountain; one needed to impregnate it abundantly with giant chunks of loose mud,

In order to reform the broken sentence; one needed to harness it articulately with coherent words,

In order to recharge the broken lake; one needed inundate it open-heartedly with sparkling water,

In order to rehabilitate the broken house; one needed to embed its hollow spaces with commensurately burnt bricks,

In order to refurbish the broken orchard; one needed to plant foliated trees; embody every barren patch of soil with salubrious seedlings,

In order to restore the broken web; one needed to let loose in it an armory of venomous spiders,

In order to revitalize broken eyes; one needed to dip them in a tissue drenched with tangy cologne,

In order to revive the broken mind; one needed to fantasize unrelentingly night and day,

In order to repair the broken nest; one needed to stuff it with a conglomerate of corrugated sticks,

In order to reconstruct the broken watch; one needed to synchronize it meticulously with needles and machinery,

In order to reform the broken city; one needed to work in tandem and perfect synergy to accomplish this Herculean task,

In order to rebuild the broken bones; one needed to consume astronomical

amounts of solid calcium,

In order to rejuvenate the broken senses; one needed to listen to enchanting music; dance animatedly under the resplendent moon,

In order to remake broken clay; one needed to knead it dexterously into marvelous silhouettes,

In order to reshape the broken gutter; one needed to fumigate the fetid rivulets of sewage; under stringent rays of the sun,

In order to rekindle broken relations; one needed to live in harmony with evergreen nature,

And In order to reinstate a BROKEN HEART; one needed to impart it the love it perpetually desired; blend its pulsating beats with the person whom it longed for; the entity whom it uninhibitedly loved.

47. I NEEDED TO DIE

So that you could sleep blissfully all night; languish in the aisles of

desire with an enchanting yawn engulfing your face,

I needed to wake up with my eyes incorrigibly open; fighting valiantly

against the most inconspicuous of evil hovering around.

So that you could eat appetizing food; masticate ravishing chunks of

poignant butter with stupendous relish,

I needed to sustain life on bland slices of bread and water; remain

famished with a large bandanna stringently encapsulating my stomach.

So that you could bathe in crystalline water dribbling from the alps;

apply the most bombastic of shampoo on your dainty skin,

I needed to be content rolling in a slush of dirty rain water; remained

unwashed on the trot; sometimes for days.

So that you could fly kites high and princely in the sky; tugging the

strings ecstatically with your petite hands,

I needed to run helter-skelter in vicinity; trying to capsize all the

broken ones entangled on trees; for you to continue your extravaganza.

So that you could play in a cool ambience of air-conditioner; caress

soft toys and view astounding cartoons,

I needed to traverse through the blistering deserts; bear the brunt of

disdainful sands right on my face.

So that you could wear the best of clothes; embellish you entire flesh

with beads of glittering gold,

I needed to gallivant naked in the freezing cold; bereft of a single

cloth on my body.

So that you could watch exhilarating pictures; inundate your ears with

enigmatic tunes,

I needed to tear every hair from my scalp; in evolving innovative ideas

for you to view.

So that you could laugh wholeheartedly; smile with passionate charisma

all round the clock,

I needed to slog it out against the uncouth world; shed tears of

scarlet blood in my unrelenting battle to win.

So that you could talk loquaciously; flamboyantly announce your presence in bustling crowds,

I needed to inevitably keep myself subdued; stay completely lackluster and dumb in public.

So that you could fantasize incessantly; day-dream rampantly about all the

wonderful lurking in this mystical world,

I needed to exist in pragmatic reality; transgress through a valley of rusted

thorns; for you to romanticize in the corridor of pleasure.

And So that you could live life like a princess; rule the entire universe with

the power of your wealth,

I needed to abdicate breath instantaneously; to metamorphose all your dreams

into perpetual reality; O! yes I NEEDED TO DIE.

48. ONE INSTANT

One instant we were scratching wildly; deeply embedding unruly nails in

our skins,

While the next moment we embraced each other tightly; placidly lying

down on the couch.

One instant we were pulling our hair; almost uprooting each strand

firmly adhered to its scalp,

While the next moment we fondled each others palms; intricately tracing

the lines that lay deeply embodied therein.

One instant we were pummeling ourselves in the stomach; hurling a

volley of abashing expletives at one another,

While the next moment we stared unrelentingly into each others eyes;

drowning ourselves wholesomely into an ocean of mesmerizing dreams.

One instant we were kicking frantically; tickling ourselves voraciously

in the ribs; and our hands coated with piquant chili powder,

While the next moment we whispered nimbly in each others ears; reciting

enchantingly true and passionate tales of fantasy.

One instant we were making obnoxious faces; scowling at one another

with our tongues audaciously peeking out,

While the next moment we assisted each other in the kitchen; to

harmoniously prepare appetizing delicacies; for nocturnal supper.

One instant we were screeching rampantly like savage tigers; inundating

our eardrums with thunderous sound,

While the next moment we went off to blissful sleep; safely and

securely in each others arms.

One instant we were rolling in a slush of squalid mud; splashing dirty

water fervently on our bare skins,

While the next moment we sang in unison with the nightingale; drifted

our minds towards sedative sounds; emanating from the dense undergrowths of

the jungle.

One instant we were brandishing swords on our bodies; clanging them

incoherently against each other,

While the next moment we sprinkled dying plants with water; sipping the

same gently from our hands.

One instant we were fighting like cats and dogs; banging the pillow at

one another; till the fluff whizzed out in a frenzy,

While the next moment we kissed each other on the forehead; applying

antiseptic creams on our bruises.

And one instant we looked at one another in sheer hatred; with rays of

contempt emitting belligerently from our eyes,

While the next moment we confessed that we were madly in love; prayed

to the Creator to keep us bonded in the strings of immortal romance.

49. SHE WASNT BOTHERED.

She wasn't bothered an infinitesimal trifle; if I didn't look at the most seductive of her form; even once in a marathon day; preferred to view the scurrilously untamed growls of manipulative wilderness; instead,

She wasn't bothered an ephemeral speck; if I didn't accolade her even for the most triumphantly brilliant of her accomplishments; leant a cold shoulder amidst all other glitterati that she was enshrouded with,

She wasn't bothered a transient iota; if I didn't caress the outlines of her ignited lips; nonchalantly looked the other side; even as she burnt infinite times in the inferno of unbridled love,

She wasn't bothered an evanescent ounce; if I didn't accompany her to the most important destinations in her life; worthlessly engaged myself in tawdrily licking the floor instead,

She wasn't bothered a fugitive bit; if I didn't wish her on her cherished birthday and anniversaries; spuriously pretended to be too entangled in the process of earning money; and thereby forgetting the priceless moments of her life,

She wasn't bothered a parsimonious morsel; if I didn't comply the tiniest with even the most brilliantly sagacious of her decisions; drifted on the pathways of sheer and emotional impracticality instead,

She wasn't bothered an invisible degree; if I didn't impregnate her glorious existence with my seeds; happily leading her entire life with her maiden prim and trim form with great pleasure instead,

She wasn't bothered an impoverished scrap; if I didn't query her regularly about her likes and dislikes; thereby on numerous an occasion trespassing against her wishes; quite innocuously and inadvertently,

She wasn't bothered a mercurial shadow; if I didn't devoutly intertwine my fingers fervently within hers; taking vows to lead life compassionately united together; for an infinite more lifetimes,

She wasn't bothered a feckless crumb; if I didn't understand and commiserate with her for what she originally was; for every righteous desire lingering passionately in the innermost realms of her soul,

She wasn't bothered a diminutive fragment; if I didn't humbly bow down to her knees; even once in my entire lifetime; profoundly thanking her for blessing every conceivable aspect of my measly existence,

She wasn't bothered an oblivious tidbit; if I didn't attend to her even in the most inexplicably ghastliest of agony; took her for as much granted as the blue bits of mundanely unending sky,

She wasn't bothered a vanishing fleck; if I didn't live up to my promise of being a true lover; after so ardently proposing to her the infinite vows of true love; once upon a time,

She wasn't bothered an obliterated freckle; if I didn't invincibly mélange each of my breath with hers; as the most diabolical of maelstroms descended upon us; unexpectedly at each quarter of life,

She wasn't bothered a worthless grain; if I didn't embrace her boundless propensities and passions in life; belittling them in my obsessive whirlpool of unparalleled corporate ambition,

She wasn't bothered an evaporating smidgen; if I didn't behave properly with the nearest of her kin; deliberately made sure that I was not the tiniest of involved in any of her so called social community groups and gatherings,

She wasn't bothered a pathetic tad; if I didn't take her for an intrepid expedition of the entire planet; although was a passenger of every flight that left the ground; than of the scorching land,

She wasn't bothered a lackadaisical trice; if I didn't utter her name for countless years on the trot; summoned her most brusquely; by a battalion of uncannily indecipherable gestures instead,

And neither was she ever bothered even a teeny trifle to know the cause of my silence, my anger; my indifference; my nonchalance towards her; as long as I kept giving her every comfort of life; as long as she relished the most sanctimoniously extravagant pleasures of life; as long as she saw the desire to become the richest man on this planet lingering unassailably in my eyes; as long as she kept getting her

inevitable share of money as my wife .

50. INSPIRED ME ALL THE MORE.

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your relentless kicks of ridicule towards my impoverished form; inspired me all the more; to give invincible fortitude to all those infirm on this planet; haplessly deteriorating on every step they tread,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your contemptuously ostracizing stare towards my creative fantasizing; inspired me all the more; to evolve into a whole new unlimited gorge of regurgitating freshness,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your unsparingly lambasting every ingredient of my unparalleled sensitivity; inspired me all the more; to perennially stir the chords of compassion amongst all those with an inexplicably shattered soul,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your snobbishly ignoring even the most genuine screams of my agony; inspired me all the more; to lend a commiserating ear; to all those who had none else than the walls to converse,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your unfathomable disdain towards my writing my own books of poetry at home; inspired me all the more; tospawn rejuvenating verse for all those miserably circumscribed by the walls of the inevitable fodder-yielding; robotic corporate office,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your stony silence towards even the greatest of my triumphs and accomplishments; inspired me all the more; to ebulliently pat my fellow compatriots; as they inched towards their ultimate philanthropic paths in life,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your using me and every ounce of my cherishable assets; inspired me all the more; to unrelentingly look out for all those patrons on this fathomless Universe; who inherently admired me solely for what I was; and as I was born,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your vindictively exploiting some of my inadvertently acquired weaknesses; inspired me all the more; to encourage all those flagrantly depressed; to perpetually conquer the devil in them; with their in-born souls of divine righteousness,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your tyrannical blackmailing me to mollify even the most infinitesimal of your desire; inspired me all the more; to extend my healing hands to all those sinfully divested of the joys and rhapsodies of miraculously vibrant life,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your lividly don't-carish attitude towards each act of my poignantly overwhelming concern for you; inspired me all the more; to tirelessly render every ingredient of my existence to the selfless service of all miserably extinguishing and jailed humanity,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your spurious cleansing of the dust over my heart-felt poems instead of reading them; inspired me all the more; to perpetuate their timeless essence to even the further-most cranny of this boundlessly effulgent Universe,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your envying me from the core of your heart whilst others of your kind kept incessantly chatting of their hubbies; inspired me all the more; to appreciate the richest of the richest philanthropists on this earth; with the greatest of humility,

Don't your worry sweetheart. Your viciously abusing me right infront of my very own kin for my sheer innocence of commercial life; inspired me all the more; to become the voice of all those diabolically oppressed by the uncanny vagaries of the uncouth planet,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your lackadaisically turning your head to the direction of the dustbin at every sensuous whisper of mine; inspired me all the more; to coalesce every ingredient of my mind; body and soul; with the ravishingly spell-binding landscapes of mother nature,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your finding time to read and admire even the most meaningless piece of balderdash on this Universe-whilst making a worthless stool of my priceless poetry to sit upon; inspired me all the more; to recite each line of my heart-rendering verse to the Almighty Lord in the sky,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your unabashedly devouring the most appetizing morsels of food on this earth whilst merrily watching me starve; inspired me all the more; to disseminate every penny of my wealth towards the blissful fulfillment of every haplessly deteriorating living kind,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your lifelessly switching over to the other side of the bed -everytime I came with an inferno of unbridled compassion in my eyes; inspired me all the more; to inexhaustibly romance with the voluptuously igniting fabric of the beautiful night,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your over-indulgence in every other conceivable activity on earth-except looking towards my passionate form; inspired me all the more; to uninhibitedly languish on the open streets; indefatigably searching for my ultimate soul mate in life,

Don't you worry sweetheart. Your unthinkably divorcing me- just in order to lead a life of unprecedented luxury-seducing the richest kings of your choice; inspired me all the more; to forever surrender each instant of my life to the Creator; marry the innermost tunes of my heart; which were unbreakable and inseparable for an infinite more lifetimes .

## The End
 
You die; I die – Love Poems - Part 3

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my Book as above described , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

### 

###

###

### Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

About The Poetry Book - This Book which has 50 differently titled Poems , is actually Part 3 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. HOLY MARRIAGE

2. I WANTED TO LOVE

3. THE MOST EMBARRASSING MOMENT

4. THINKING OF TOMORROW

5. TO WIN HER HEART   
6. BUT IMMORTALLY FEARLESS LOVE.   
7. THAT EXACTLY AND PERPETUALLY MEANT  
8. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA?   
9. WITHOUT THE SLIGHTEST OF HINDRANCE SETTING IN.

10. AFTER WE DIE.

11. IT WAS INDEFINITELY IMPOSSIBLE.   
12. WHILST TODAY SHE HAD SOLELY BECOME.  
13. STARK NAKED  
14. UNCONQUERABLY VIRGIN  
15. HOW I WANTED OUR VERY FIRST KISS TO HAPPEN   
16. OUR LOVE STORY WAS BEING PERPETUALLY WRITTEN   
17. BACK IN BUSINESS.   
18. THE FRUIT OF EVER-PERVADINGLY FRUCTIFYING LOVE.  
19. WAS IT MY FAULT   
20. ROYAL LOVE ITSELF.   
21. YOU. YES IT WAS ONLY YOU O! BELOVED  
22. TO MAKE MY HEART SPECIAL

23. NO REPLACEMENTS  
24. LOVE IS NOT JUST A DREAM  
25. SADLY NO BEATS

26. WELCOMING HER BACK   
27. ULTIMATE MESSIAH OF HUMANITY   
28. DEVOURED   
29. THE MOST PRICELESS THING   
30. TILL DEATH DO US APART   
31. LOVED BY HER LOVE   
32. LOVE HAD NEVER SEEMED SO IMMORTAL

33. PAINT MY HEART   
34. IMMORTALY RULED

35. STILL THE RICHEST   
36. FLAMES OF MIRACULOUS LOVE   
37. DIVORCE

38. EACH BEAT OF MY HEART   
39. EVERY HEART DREAMT OF

40. IMMORTALLY AFRAID   
41. LIGHTING THE LANTERN OF MY LOVE

42. THERE WAS SOMETHING

43. FOR ME TO BE EVER POSSESSED   
44. THE ROOF OF IMMORTAL LOVE

45. BLESSEDLY ALIVE   
46. TANTALISING MY HEART

47. TRUE ROMANCE

48. I PREFERRED TO CALL

49. BRINGING A SMILE ON YOUR FACE

50. DON'T TALK TO TWO LOVERS

1. HOLY MARRIAGE

Every thunderstorm in the sky; was accompanied by pelting rain,

Every festival celebrated on earth; was accompanied with loads of vibrant

color,

Every bird flapping its wings in the atmosphere; was accompanied by revitalizing draughts of free air,

Every wave clashing against the rocks; was accompanied by gallons of silken froth,

Every irritation in the intricate eye; was accompanied by a disdainful redness

enveloping its crystalline white,

Every tiger transgressing through jungle territory; was accompanied by his

thunderous growl,

Every entity walking through the land in light; was accompanied by its lanky

shadow,

Every delicious meal devoured with relish; was accompanied by a discordant burp,

Every midnight after a hectic days work; was accompanied by an everlasting yawn,

Every slab of ice placed on a granary of sand; was accompanied by sweating of water,

Every watch adorned smartly on the wrists; was accompanied by the ticking of its slender needles,

Every jewel embellished on the ring; was accompanied by magnificent shine,

Every camel gallivanting languidly through the deserts; was accompanied by its obnoxious yet delectable hunch,

Every stream placidly situated amidst the mountains; was accompanied by a few

ripples,

Every car sky rocketing into daylight; was accompanied by the whirring noise of its tiers,

Every spurt of wholehearted laughter; was accompanied by gregarious smiles,

Every altercation; hurling of contemptuous abuse; was accompanied by hostile

war,

Every spell of rain in blistering sunlight; was accompanied by the opalescent

rainbow,

Every flame of blazing fire; was accompanied by inconspicuous wisps of frigid smoke,

Every mother inhabiting the surface of this globe; was accompanied by her

darling children,

Every god residing in Heaven; was accompanied by omnipotent power,

And every anecdote of true love; unprecedented desire for each other; was accompanied by "HOLY MARRIAGE".

2. I WANTED TO LOVE

I wanted to sleep in a land where there sprang the first rose; the tranquility in the atmosphere pacifying my agitated senses,

I wanted to dream in a land where there lingered the first cloud; celestial fairies were bouncing delectably around,

I wanted to eat food in a land where there hung the first fruit; the reinvigorating aroma of fresh grass fomenting pangs of raw hunger in my stomach,

I wanted to yawn in a land where there twinkled the first star; its placid shimmer; drowning me into waves of enchantment and siesta,

I wanted to trespass through a land where there was embedded the first layer of soil; virgin twigs and a conglomerate of fluffy leaves fervently awaiting to be trampled by my feet,

I wanted to breathe air in a land where there floated the first draught of breeze; the unadulterated wind besieging me with overwhelming rhapsody; every unfurling second,

I wanted to view scenic nature in a land where there flew the first flamingo; mammoth eggs of the ostrich about to hatch; mold and harness themselves into

magnificent fledglings,

I wanted to play in a land where there hung the fist chimpanzee; clusters of innocuous rabbits merrily traversed in perfect harmony and unison,

I wanted to scratch my skin blood red in a land where there hovered the first mosquito; petulant lizards and robust worms wandering about in gay abandon,

I wanted to swim in a land where there swelled the first sea; its silken and tangy froth; profoundly rejuvenating my dreary soul,

I wanted to chew inebriating leaves in a land where there sprouted the petal of tobacco; languish in the meadows with the aftermath; placing me into a

blissfully sedative fantasy,

I wanted to sketch mesmerizing lines in a land where there stood the first mountain; its towering summit blending with sky; impregnating an insatiable itching in my fingers to draw,

I wanted to dance in a land where there was gyrating the first dolphin; the mysticism in its eyes propelling me to add strides to my pace; move incessantly to the beats of hissing snakes,

I wanted to study in a land where there meditated the first saint; the omnipotent power of his ideals metamorphosing me into the strongest entity,

I wanted to smile in a land where there laughed the first clown; the comic distortions of his face inevitably triggering uncontrollable guffaws from my persona,

I wanted to fight in a land where there marched the first soldier; the true spirit of freedom in his eyes; and the armor in his hands; annihilating the most minuscule trace of fear from my cowardly visage,

I wanted to sing in a land where there appeared the first shadow; the enigma in its obscure silhouette; engendering me to convert my subdued whispers into

melodious tunes,

I wanted to work in a land where there existed the first mother; the tenacity of her blessings igniting the real stalwart hidden inside me,

And "I WANTED TO LOVE" in a land where there lived the first girl; the very first woman who wholesomely loved me; blended her heart; soul and desire with mine.

3. THE MOST EMBARRASSING MOMENT

The most embarrassing moment for a barber was when he inadvertently annihilated all traces of the bushy moustache; alongwith scrupulously trimming scalp hair,

The most embarrassing moment for a pilot was when he dozed off for split seconds; only to witness his spacecraft nose-diving towards gruesome blackness,

The most embarrassing moment for a doctor was when he unwittingly dispensed the wrong medicine; treated the patient for a running nose; although he was suffering from stomach infection,

The most embarrassing moment for a teacher was when she was caught red handed;

for giving full marks to a student who had jotted a romantic picture story instead of solving mind boggling sums of arithmetic,

The most embarrassing moment for a businessman was when he signed a blank check; presuming it to contain a parsimonious amount of money,

The most embarrassing moment for a tailor was when he stitched cloth upside down; evolved a night pant out of the fabric which was supposedly meant for an office shirt,

The most embarrassing moment for an acrobat was when he toppled head on from

the slender string; collapsed on the obdurate ground like a school kid having just started to learn rope walking,

The most embarrassing moment for a tea taster was when he certified inebriating whisky as royal tea; having a mesmerizing aroma and a delectably crackling flavor,

The most embarrassing moment for a baby sitter was when she dropped the infant

on the ground; envisaging it to be a piece of chocolate wrapped in soft candy paper,

The most embarrassing moment for a jeweler was when he added scintillating pearls to his tea; perceiving them to be crystals of sweet sugar,

The most embarrassing moment for an electrician was when he insipidly handed

live current wires in the hands of his customer; instead of giving them the compactly molded switch,

The most embarrassing moment for a zookeeper was when he opened the cage of

the ferocious lion; expecting innocuous birds to fly out in tandem,

The most embarrassing moment for a model was when she traversed on the ramp;

with disdainful blotches of sewage adhering stringently to her face,

The most embarrassing moment for a artist was when he painted the sun effeminate blue and the landscape blood red; lost in passionate fantasy while incoherently swishing his brush,

The most embarrassing moment for a singer was when she sang in a tune befitting a crow; the aftermath of a sore throat; drawing squeals of condemnation from the packed audience,

The most embarrassing moment for a car rallyist; was when his vehicle intractably refrained to budge an inch further; no matter how hard he tried to compress the accelerator at the start of race,

The most embarrassing moment for a cobbler was when he stitched the lace alongwith the threadbare holes in the shoe; profoundly engrossed in viewing

the swanky cars passing by,

The most embarrassing moment for a photographer was when he snapped the clergymen encircling the ministers; instead of capturing the domineering demeanor of the president,

The most embarrassing moment for a writer was when the ink in his pen exhausted; as he started to emboss the very first page of his book,

And the most embarrassing moment for a person in love was when an alien girl

pecked him frantically on his cheek; boldly embraced him in front of his cherished and angry beloved .

4. THINKING OF TOMORROW

I didn't eat food today; as I wanted to wholesomely famish myself; to devour

the appetizing chunks of pudding; Tomorrow,

I didn't sleep blissfully today; as I was overwhelmingly excited to run; Tomorrow,

I didn't play mischievously today; as I wanted to reserve every iota of my energy to passionately leap; Tomorrow,

I didn't drink water today; as I wanted to gulp gallons of voluptuous wine; Tomorrow,

I didn't bathe today; as I wanted to drown my persona in flamboyant waves of the salty ocean; Tomorrow,

I didn't see any object today; as I wanted to view the mesmerizing beauty of dawn; Tomorrow,

I didn't move my legs today; as I wanted to dance unrelentingly all night; Tomorrow,

I didn't revolve my fingers today; as I wanted to sketch intricate landscapes with their towering summits in the clouds; Tomorrow,

I didn't study one bit today; as I wanted to read through volumes of mystical tales; Tomorrow,

I didn't go out today; as I wanted to uninhibitedly explore through the wilderness; Tomorrow,

I didn't see the time today; as I wanted to scrupulously count every unleashing minute tomorrow,

I didn't smell the air today; as I wanted to inundate my nostrils with the enchanting perfume of lotus; Tomorrow,

I didn't speak today; as I wanted to scream hysterically for hours on the trot; Tomorrow,

I didn't reside in the house today; as I wanted to live the entire evening in the magnificent castle; Tomorrow,

I didn't sweat today; as I wanted to bask under sizzling rays of the sun; let moisture dribble profusely from all pores of my body; Tomorrow,

I didn't sneeze today; as I wanted to thunderously blow my nostrils; emptying them in entirety; Tomorrow,

I didn't smile today; as I wanted to sway in sheer rhapsody and jubilation; tomorrow,

I didn't cry today; as I wanted to pour out rivers of heart breaking emotion; Tomorrow,

And I didn't love today; fervently anticipating to be incarcerated in the

immortal embrace of my dream girl; thinking of tomorrow .

5. TO WIN HER HEART

When I tried to reach her climbing perseveringly on the ladder; poking my head out embarrassingly; after reaching the 9th floor,

She gave me an obnoxious stare; thrusted the broomstick on my face; sending me hurtling down on the ground; petrified to the last bone of my spine.

When I tried to reach her in my private helicopter; hovering it at inches from her bedroom window,

She scornfully hurled disdainful pints off vanity powder at me; thoroughly blinding me; the aftermath of which caused me to crash land in the wilderness.

When I tried to reach her masquerading my voice like a female; attempting to fool her on the telephone,

She instantaneously deciphered my tone; barked a volley of malicious expletives at me; before ruthlessly banging down the receiver.

When I tried to reach her in my swanky car; pretentiously blowing its bombastic horn outside her door,

She mercilessly emptied the garbage can on my bonnet; left me in open mouthed consternation; with flies and cockroaches from the sewage crawling all over my body.

When I tried to reach her; sending her flowery letters; embossed with romantic lines which I had copied from the Shakespeare,

She had a hearty laugh after browsing through the same; snapped it into infinite fragments; throwing it into the remotest corner of her dustbin.

When I tried to reach her via the internet; sending her a greeting card; studded with outlines of shimmering silver,

She transferred the same into the trash can simply viewing my name; let alone reading the first alphabet of the electronic message.

When I tried to reach her on a horse; gallivanting effeminately in the vicinity of her residence,

She whispered to her friends to shoo me away; which they executed with supreme efficiency; pelting me with their shoes; and whatever rotten piece of junk that came across their hands.

When I tried to reach her through a diamond set; transferring the same into her jurisdiction alongwith a scintillating necklace of white pearls,

She envisaged me to be a rich mans son; distributed the beads amongst the beggars howling on the streets; after scrupulously entangling them from the strings.

When I tried to reach her through television; stylishly proclaiming her name; as well as announcing a reward to anyone who would bring her alive to me,

She was appalled at my maniacal tendencies; set the police hot on my trail; for pertinently blackmailing her.

While it was only when I reached her empty handed; barged through the door of her house in front of the unconventional society, audaciously blurted out "I love you; looking deeply into her eyes,

That I was able to "WIN HER HEART" as she now perceived that I really loved her; wanted to imprison her forever in the vice like grip of my romance.

6. BUT IMMORTALLY FEARLESS LOVE.

Eternally unshakable "Truth" can only; holistically spawn; astoundingly proliferate; timelessly lead; unassailable diffuse; and impeccable transpire; into nothing else but; Omnipotent "Truth" itself,

Unconquerably righteous "Honesty" can only; enchantingly spawn; unstoppably proliferate; indefatigably lead; majestically diffuse; and beautifully transpire; into nothing else but; enamoring "Honesty" itself,

Pristinely unfettered "Artistry" can only; bountifully spawn; interminably proliferate; irrefutably lead; aristocratically diffuse; and amazingly transpire; into nothing else but; poignant "Artistry" itself,

Pricelessly inimitable "Humanity" can only; stupendously spawn; unabashedly proliferate; magnificently lead; jubilantly diffuse; and resplendently transpire; into nothing else but; ubiquitous "Humanity" itself,

Symbiotically benign "Innovation" can only; brilliantly spawn; undyingly proliferate; insuperably lead; triumphantly diffuse; and beamingly transpire; into nothing else but; ingenious "Innovation" itself,

Iridescently spell binding "Innocence" can only; celestially spawn; unflinchingly proliferate; indomitably lead; royally diffuse; and victoriously transpire; into nothing else but; bounteous "Innocence" itself,

Fantastically unbridled "Passion" can only; synergistically spawn; continuously proliferate; redolently lead; forever diffuse; and uninhibitedly transpire; into nothing else but; unbelievable "Passion" itself,

Altruistically ardent "Bravery" can only; handsomely spawn; compassionately proliferate; fabulously lead; ebulliently diffuse; and ecumenically transpire; into

nothing else but; untainted "Bravery" itself,

Well-deservedly truthful "Perseverance" can only; regally spawn; convivially proliferate; Omnisciently lead; emolliently diffuse; and tirelessly transpire;

into nothing else but; undefeated "Perseverance" itself,

Unfathomably sparkling "Melody" can only; ecstatically spawn; seductively proliferate; wholesomely lead; gorgeously diffuse; and indispensably transpire; into

nothing else but; ravishing "Melody" itself,

Invincibly unparalleled "Candor" can only; beautifully spawn; instantaneously proliferate; serenely lead; magnanimously diffuse; and quintessentially transpire;

into nothing else but; magnetic "Candor" itself,

Impregnably harmonious "Simplicity" can only; profusely spawn; undeniably proliferate; vivaciously lead; selflessly diffuse; and inevitably transpire; into nothing else but; Omnipresent "Simplicity" itself,

Gloriously blazing "Virility' can only; profoundly spawn; unsurpassably proliferate; vividly lead; serendipitously diffuse; and heavenly transpire; into nothing else but; unlimited "Virility" itself,

Unceasingly virgin "Mischief" can only; ecstatically spawn; romantically proliferate; eclectically lead; winningly diffuse; and surreally transpire; into nothing else but; unhindered "Mischief" itself,

Innocuously mesmerizing "Beauty" can only; fathomlessly spawn; steadily proliferate;

symbiotically lead; heartily diffuse; and perennially transpire; into nothing else but; effulgent "Beauty" itself,

Sensuously fiery "Breath" can only; limitlessly spawn; blissfully proliferate; plausibly lead; universally diffuse; and perpetually transpire; into nothing else but; voluptuous "Breath" itself,

Fantastically undeterred "Determination" can only; adroitly spawn; incessantly proliferate; gorgeously lead; effervescently diffuse; and passionately transpire; into nothing else but; intransigent "Determination" itself,

Magically ameliorating "Holiness" can only; indisputably spawn; undauntedly proliferate; magnetically lead; robustly diffuse; and divinely transpire; into nothing else but; unblemished "Holiness",

But Immortally fearless "Love" has; is and shall forever; mystically spawn; uncontrollably proliferate; effulgently lead; marvelously diffuse; and sacredly

transpire; into all of the above and an infinite more than the imperceptible definitions of enigmatic infinite infinity.

7. THAT EXACTLY AND PERPETUALLY MEANT

I wasn't the most infinitesimal iota sad; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was enshrouded by cloudbursts of untamed ecstasy; and was invincibly happy,

I wasn't the most parsimonious iota negative; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was indefatigably embracing the Sun of unflinchingly unbridled optimism; and was triumphantly positive,

I wasn't the most minuscule iota impotent; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was proliferating into astoundingly victorious newness every unfurling instant of the day; and was unassailably virile,

I wasn't the most mercurial iota defeated; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was kissing the most royal epitomes of insuperable success; and was unbelievably

victorious,

I wasn't the most infidel iota ugly; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was unceasingly blessed with the heavens of celestial resplendence; and was inimitably

beautiful,

I wasn't the most vanishing iota diminishing; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was the most unconquerable crusader of tomorrow; and was eternally blossoming,

I wasn't the most diminutive iota hapless; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was serendipitously bestowed in every singleton aspect of destined life; and was impregnably fortunate,

I wasn't the most invisible iota weak; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was boundlessly impregnated with the most undaunted of calcium; and was fearlessly strong,

I wasn't the most fugitive iota sacrilegious; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was the most untainted apostle of sacredness; and was Omnipotently divine,

I wasn't the most abstemious iota wayward; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was unshakably parading towards the path of symbiotic righteousness; and was

indisputably straight,

I wasn't the most oblivious iota criminal; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was the most unconquerable harbinger of humanity; and was miraculously philanthropic,

I wasn't the most inconspicuous iota cacophonic; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was incessantly bouncing in the aisles of harmonious rhapsody; and was

gloriously mellifluous,

I wasn't the most obsolete iota invisible; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was seen on every tangible and intangible cranny of this fathomless Universe at the same time; and was majestically Omnipresent,

I wasn't the most eloping iota dirty; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was perched on the most unshakably bountiful apogee of hygiene; and was Omnisciently

clean,

I wasn't the most surreptitious iota abhorrent; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was tirelessly embracing every echelon of humanity till my very last veritable breath; and was limitlessly egalitarian,

I wasn't the most evaporating iota nostalgic; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was inexorably galloping on the Spartan roads of quintessential livelihood; and

was profoundly pragmatic,

I wasn't the most vespered iota parasitic; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was wholeheartedly donating every fraction of my wealth with both my hands; and was timelessly benevolent,

I wasn't the most obfuscated iota delirious; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was blissfully nestling in the nests of magically uplifting calmness; and was effulgently calm,

I wasn't the most dilapidated iota ribald; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was tirelessly floating in castles of unsurpassably glittering gold and silver and was incomparably royal,

I wasn't the most evanescent iota lying; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was the most indomitable ray of eternally enlightening righteousness; and was bounteously truthful,

I wasn't the most ethereal iota lazy; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was wafting into the sweat of timelessly righteous symbiotism all night and day; and was undyingly persevering,

I wasn't the most transient iota devastating; but that doesn't exactly mean that I was evolving unlimited skies of synergistic miracles on every pathway that I tread; and was unstoppably magical,

But although I wasn't the most ephemeral iota "Dead"; yet that exactly and perpetually meant; that every beat of my immortal soul would forever continue to

love; you; you and only you; every unraveling instant of my enchanting life; and would continue to be "Alive" for you; and only you; O! poignantly godly

Beloved; even an infinite centuries after my treacherously gory death .

8. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the scent of the poignantly scarlet rose; when mercilessly trapped a countless feet beneath the vituperatively

fetid gutter line?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the voluptuously tantalizing globules of rain water; when haplessly licking acrimoniously heartless desert sand;

for an infinite kilometers on the trot?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the celestially tranquil meadows of jubilant grass; when traversing via an intransigently vengeful field of blood-soaked thorns?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the Omnipotently blazing Sun; when ruthlessly buried an infinite feet beneath demonically asphyxiating and blackened mud?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the innocuously spell binding lines of untamed artistry; when haplessly incarcerated within the walls of the sacrilegiously robotic and wantonly commercial office?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed impeccably bountiful childhood; when venomously enshrouded by the invidiously crippling battlefields; of manipulative pragmatism?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the ravishingly unabashed waves of the mesmerizing sea; when helplessly sealed in the parsimoniously mosquito

laden crevice of the dingy wall?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the indefatigably boisterous noises of the enigmatic forest; when dismally seated beside the inexplicably wailing and inconsolably cadaverous corpse?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the triumphantly twinkling stars; when inexorably tyrannized by the murderously ghoulish blackness; and

in the heart of the despondently stabbing moonless night?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the quintessential feel of the beautiful currency coin; when tirelessly begging for every morsel of food; on

the lecherously dilapidated road?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the heavenly fantasies of a brilliantly unfettered tomorrow; when barbarously jailed in shackles of heartlessly flaming iron; for not the tiniest fault of mine?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the caverns of victoriously unblemished sleep; when wandering like a deliriously wayward maniac; through

the corridors of baselessly sinful prejudice?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the seeds of timelessly proliferating virility; when satanically placed amidst unlimitedly shriveled mortuaries of just lies; lies and forlornly despairing lies?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the brazenly unbridled ardor of enamoring youth; when both my worthlessly old and delinquent legs; uncontrollably

trembled only towards lackadaisical soil?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the prayers of mellifluously divinely peace; when carnivorously dragged into the vindictively slandering precipices of ghastly war?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the amiably inimitable lap of Omnipresent mother; when the entire planet started to savagely scourge; even the

most holistically nimble of my forward stride?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the pristinely silken flakes of rejuvenating snow; when the winds of unsparingly demonic summer; had torridly

scorched every single leaf in conceivable vicinity?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the impregnably altruistic dwelling; when the devilishly profane darkness of the night; had taken wholesomely

deplorable control of each of my nerves?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed the miraculously ameliorating waterfalls; when every pore of my body was truculently forced to wither and

ignominiously slither amongst the worms of ominously ribald nothingness?

Do you have any idea; as to how much I missed immortally benign love; when each beat of my heart was unrelentingly castrated by the corpses of unforgivably

hedonistic betrayal?

And do you have any idea; as to how much I missed my Omnisciently beautiful beloved; when every of my breath was purposelessly leading every instant of

impoverished life; just to fill in the number of years that destiny had impotently planned for my head .

9. WITHOUT THE SLIGHTEST OF HINDRANCE SETTING IN.

Before I could even realize that it was "Day"; or relish its brilliantly optimistic light; the dolorously maiming horizons of evening set in; leaving me haplessly wandering in inexplicable gloom,

Before I could even realize that they were "Shores"; or relish their tantalizingly moistened sands; the ferociously devastating waves of the sea set in; disastrously swiping me from my nimble feet; and into the stormy depths of treacherously bewildering nothingness,

Before I could even realize that it was "Night"; or relish its voluptuously enigmatic softness; the horrendous fronds of sleep disdainfully set in; plunging me into a mortuary of unprecedentedly crippling blackness,

Before I could even realize that it was "Sun"; or relish its Omnipotently flaming rays; the ominously pillaging clouds dreadfully set in; rendering me with nothing else but lividly asphyxiating pangs of depression,

Before I could even realize that it was "Candle-light"; or relish its majestically peerless

grandeur; the hedonistically massacring tornadoes set in; blowing me and the flames away into inane wisps of wanton meaninglessness,

Before I could even realize that it was "Mystery"; or relish its uncannily enamoring scent; the monotonously pragmatic riddle set in; metamorphosing every of my

bountifully unbridled fantasy into robotic despair,

Before I could even realize that it was "Child-birth"; or relish its astoundingly pristine mischievousness; the agonizingly bruised cry of accidental death set in; transforming me into an emotionlessly living corpse,

Before I could even realize that it was "Food"; or relish its salubriously succulent jugglery of juices; the insouciantly tawdry stream of feces set in; drifting even the most infinitesimal ounce of my mind; body and soul; into cadaverous emptiness,

Before I could even realize that it was "Ice"; or relish its royally impeccable demeanor; the vindictively unsparing beams of afternoon set in; melting every iota of my unimpeachable integrity into infinite pools of amorphously pathetic liquid,

Before I could even realize that it was "Parenthood"; or relish its compassionately divine belonging; the cannibalistic battlefields of malicious divorce set in; wholesomely shattering every heavenly dream of mine into bizarre salaciousness,

Before I could even realize that it was "Sweat"; or relish its timelessly persevering masculinity; the inevitably tantalizing breeze of laziness set in; perpetuating me to snore like an infidel eunuch; instead of gloriously replenishing with the fruits of

hard work,

Before I could even realize that it was "Humanity"; or relish its unassailably Omnipresent fragrance; the atrociously indiscriminate wail of war set in;

fomenting me to tyrannically bleed till my last breath,

Before I could even realize that it was "Artistry"; or relish its unabashedly glorious sensitivity; the coffins of deplorably sacrilegious manipulation set in; gruesomely burying every ingredient of my righteousness; into the indescribably crucifying

shit-pots of hell,

Before I could even realize that it was "Smile"; or relish its insuperably optimistic flavor; the preposterously languid yawn set in; lecherously dragging me into the most obliviously dilapidated maelstroms of boredom,

Before I could even realize that it was "Honesty"; or relish its unconquerably unflinching mirrors of truth; the fretfully ghoulish winds of parasitic politics set

in; making me rub my nose in inconspicuously worthless dust,

Before I could even realize that it was "Perfection"; or relish its undauntedly ecstatic supremacy; the inconsolably bawdy human errors set in; satanically defeating me in the most quintessential processes of my existence,

Before I could even realize that it was "Virility"; or relish its fantastically untainted atmosphere of celestial triumph; the indiscriminately trampling footsteps of the devil set in; engendering me to crumble beyond holistic degrees of recognition,

Before I could even realize that it was "Breath"; or relish its unassailably fearless exhilaration; the unrelentingly victimizing gallows of death set in; rendering me to nothing else but an invisibly frigid whisker of worthlessness,

But before I could realize or even after I realized it; or whether I actually realized it the tiniest or not; the signature of her immortal love remained perpetually embossed in every beat of my passionate heart; for even an infinite lifetimes after this

destined life of mine; and without the slightest of hindrance setting in.

10. AFTER WE DIE.

If the acrimonious world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; wretchedly separating our sensuously titillating lips; perennially bonded in the

kiss of effulgently untamed passion,

If the salacious world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; diabolically separating our jubilantly effervescent cheeks; perennially bonded in the flavor of inseparably righteous togetherness,

If the atrocious world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; truculently separating our resplendently tinkling feet; perennially bonded in the spirit of indefatigably untainted adventure,

If the demented world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; hedonistically separating our unbelievably tantalizing bellies; perennially bonded

in the most compassionately unsurpassable fires of virility,

If the tyrannically world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; torturously separating our enchantingly holistic nostrils; perennially bonded in

the spell binding euphoria of timelessly infallible existence,

If the carnivorous world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; sadistically separating our gloriously synergistic palms; perennially bonded in

the most inscrutably fructifying winds of destiny,

If the ominous world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; cannibalistically separating our bountifully blossoming napes; perennially bonded in

the atmospheres of tirelessly unbridled poignancy,

If the delirious world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; tawdrily separating our immaculately vibrant ears; perennially bonded in the aisles of celestially unparalleled sensitivity,

If the sacrilegious world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; salaciously separating our intricately seductive spines; perennially bonded in

the whirlpools of unassailably fascinating intrigue,

If the parasitic world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; bawdily separating our uninhibitedly truthful sweat; perennially bonded in the flames of limitlessly ardent perseverance,

If the cynical world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; licentiously separating our mischievously unabashed eyelashes; perennially bonded in the valleys of surreally pristine fantasy,

If the inane world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; devilishly separating our inscrutably triumphant destiny lines; perennially bonded in the

swirl of fervently unceasing magnetism,

If the foolhardy world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; forlornly separating our invincibly scarlet blood; perennially bonded in the paradise of impregnably altruistic humanity,

If the amorphous world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; dreadfully separating our gloriously artistic fingers; perennially bonded in a

boundless entrenchment of amiable charisma,

If the lambasting world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; heinously separating our bounteously suckling tongues; perennially bonded in a fortress of insuperably virile and unabashedly augmenting desire,

If the lecherous world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; horrifically separating our undyingly symbiotic shoulders; perennially bonded in a civilization of beautifully benign philanthropism,

If the dogmatic world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; profanely separating our nimbly emollient souls; perennially bonded in a festoon of

unflinchingly fearless camaraderie,

If the unsparing world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; inexorably separating our compassionately heaving chests; perennially bonded in a meadow of eternally unshakable passion,

If the meaningless world didn't want us to become one whilst we were alive; satanically separating our immortally priceless heartbeats; perennially bonded in

the caverns of royally undaunted love,

Don't worry; for if not in blessedly unconquerable life; we'll still forever and ever and ever become one for an infinite more births yet to unveil; as we'd

drag our bodies far far away from the enthrallment of existence; shake hands with the corpse of death; and then lets see who stops us from being unconquerably

one; after we die.

11. IT WAS INDEFINITELY IMPOSSIBLE.

It wasn't the most infinitesimal iota impossible to imagine a sensuously sensitive poet do an infinite things more; other than just writing volumes after volumes of perpetually proliferating poetry,

It wasn't the most diminutive iota impossible to imagine a manipulatively shrewd businessman do an infinite things more; other than just quintessentially pragmatic commercial dealings,

It wasn't the most mercurial iota impossible to imagine an altruistically benign philanthropist do an infinite things more; other than just tirelessly reaching out to every conceivable echelon of blessed humanity,

It wasn't the most ephemeral iota impossible to imagine a righteously persevering cobbler do an infinite things more; other than just efficaciously stitching and mending pairs of sordidly disgruntled shoes,

It wasn't the most ethereal iota impossible to imagine a bountifully gifted artist do an infinite things more; other than just profusely inundating barren sheets of insouciant paper; with unlimitedly enchanting sketches of mother nature,

It wasn't the most oblivious iota impossible to imagine an unabashedly vivacious dancer do an infinite things more; other than just inexorably illuminating the complexion of the drearily ignominious night; with her enchantingly inscrutable tread on nimble soil,

It wasn't the most obfuscated iota impossible to imagine an uninhibitedly fearless entrepreneur do an infinite things more; other than just ingeniously innovating the winds of an brilliantly unfettered tomorrow,

It wasn't the most parsimonious iota impossible to imagine an intriguingly uncanny palmist do an infinite things more; other than just perspicaciously deciphering through the countless mysteries of the human palm,

It wasn't the most fugitive iota impossible to imagine an indomitably victorious scientist do an infinite things more; other than just spell-bindingly harnessing the boundlessly replenishing resources of nature divine,

It wasn't the most mercurial iota impossible to imagine an irrefutably righteous teacher do an infinite things more; other than just tirelessly disseminating the venerated source of knowledge in the bulky textbooks,

It wasn't the most inconspicuous iota impossible to imagine a fearlessly patriotic warrior do an infinite things more; other than just unflinchingly brandish

his sword and valor; to even the most treacherously unsparing of enemies,

It wasn't the most invisible iota impossible to imagine a bounteously untainted singer do an infinite things more; other than just unrelentingly flexing the chords of his throat; to perpetuate every ounce of remorse around with the tunes of blissfully

rehabilitating music,

It wasn't the most impoverished iota impossible to imagine an eclectically spirited chef do an infinite things more; other than just endlessly tantalizing the salivary buds of countless; with his inimitably awe-inspiring delicacies,

It wasn't the most measly iota impossible to imagine a humanitarianly unprejudiced doctor do an infinite things more; other than just curing even the most inexplicably tormenting wounds of the haplessly devastated patient,

It wasn't the most disappearing iota impossible to imagine a jubilantly effervescent sportsman do an infinite things more; other that just ebulliently galloping like an untamed panther upon the poignant race-track,

It wasn't the most abstemious iota impossible to imagine a humbly learned saint do an infinite things more; other than just unceasingly sermonizing the hymns of eternally fructifying creation and priceless humanity,

It wasn't the most vanishing iota impossible to imagine an effulgently unparalleled adventurer do an infinite things more; other than just philandering through the labyrinths of flirtatious mischief and the enigmatically unknown,

It wasn't the most inane iota impossible to imagine an astutely phlegmatic judge do an infinite things more; other than just limitlessly dispensing the most triumphantly unchallengeable epitomes of invincible justice,

It wasn't the most transient iota impossible to imagine a stupendously virile man & woman do an infinite things more; other than just infallibly procreate into a countless more of their own kind; and thereby inexhaustibly continue the chapters of this

heavenly Universe,

But it was indefinitely impossible to imagine an immortally true lover do anything else; except just inhaling; exhaling and timelessly assimilating the skies of love; love and perennially compassionate love; for an infinite more lives and benignly blessed

lifetimes.

12. WHILST TODAY SHE HAD SOLELY BECOME.

There was a time when she was the most unparalleled flirtation of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the mischievously mesmerizing

mascara; of my iridescently innocuous eyelashes,'

There was a time when she was the most nubile freshness of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the uninhibitedly unceasing blush; of my pristinely rubicund cheeks,

There was a time when she was the most ardent tenacity of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the unconquerably burgeoning fearlessness; of

my symbiotically harmonious bones,

There was a time when she was the most unlimited fantasy of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the unabashedly glorious adventure; of

my unflinchingly marching footsteps,

There was a time when she was the most priceless innovation of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the rhapsodically unfettered

titillation; of my invincibly indefatigable brain,

There was a time when she was the most compassionate belonging of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the fierily clinging sweat; of my

sensuously heaving and receding chest,

There was a time when she was the most enchanting tale of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solelybecome the unsurpassably uninterrupted lusciousness;

of my tantalizingly pursed lips,

There was a time when she was the most triumphantly effervescent element of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the magically ameliorating

smile; of my blissfully synergistic demeanor,

There was a time when she was the most mystical embellishment of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the inscrutably bewitching

destiny lines; of my holistically benign palms,

There was a time when she was the most humanitarian wand of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the unimpeachably philanthropic blood; of my inimitably fructifying veins,

There was a time when she was the most enamoring magician of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the celestially replenishing

goose-bumps; of my poignantly intricate skin,

There was a time when she was the most astoundingly proliferating wind of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the peerlessly heavenly artistry; of my sensitively curvaceous fingers,

There was a time when she was the most mollifying moisture of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the unbelievably triumphant empathy; of my amiably wandering eyes,

There was a time when she was the most altruistically blessing molecule of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the beautifully untainted

lining; of my amicably blossoming soul,

There was a time when she was the most enviable maiden of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the fantastically unbridled bride; of my

inevitably destined life,

There was a time when she was the most virtuously discerning wavelength of the entire atmosphere; whilsttoday she had solely become the impregnably enrapturing sound; of my effulgently flapping ears,

There was a time when she was the most undefeatedly mesmerizing reverberation of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the unconquerably

mellifluous whisper; of my nimbly vacillating voice,

There was a time when she was the most passionately ignited spark of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the insuperably emollient

breath; of my miraculously bestowed nostril,

And there was a time when she was the most perpetual beat of the entire atmosphere; whilst today she had solely become the immortally redolent love; of my timelessly flowering heart .

13. STARK NAKED

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally austere uniform of the disciplinarian policeman; which contained not even the most infinitesimal insinuation of a salaciously decrepit blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally checkered uniform of the Spartan taxi-driver;which contained not even the most insouciant insinuation of a diabolically slavering blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally impeccable uniform of the persevering butler; which contained not even the most lackadaisical insinuation of a penuriously tawdry blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally shrewd uniform of the negotiating politician; which contained not even the most intangible insinuation of a bawdily ghoulish blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally simplistic uniform of the emotionless waiter; which contained not even the most invisible insinuation of a wretchedly tyrannical blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally hygienic uniform of the clinical doctor; which contained not even the most inconspicuous insinuation of a dingily flagrant blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally stretchable uniform of the unflinching athlete; which contained not even the most parsimonious insinuation of a devilishly imbecile blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally flannel uniform of the laconic clerk; which contained not even the most infidel insinuation of a

vindictively truculent blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally navy-blue uniform of the impoverished sweeper; which contained not even the most transient

insinuation of a licentiously incoherent blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally professional uniform of the unnerved business magnate; which contained not even the most etherealinsinuation of a satanically incongruous blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally straightened uniform of the stringent school teacher; which contained not even the most ephemeral insinuation of a pugnaciously devastating blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally sanctimonious uniform of the artificial air-hostess; which contained not even the most evanescent insinuation of a devilishly treacherous blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally crisp uniform of the reticent barber; which contained not even the most fugitive insinuation of a

wickedly sacrilegious blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally brackish uniform of the obdurate fisherman; which contained not even the most disappearing

insinuation of a nonchalantly unsolicited blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally plaintive uniform of the mechanical ombudsman; which contained not even the most oblivious

insinuation of a hedonistically lambasting blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally calibrated uniform of the robotic engineer; which contained not even the most obfuscated insinuation of a preposterously delirious blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally grey uniform of the perfectionist cobbler; which contained not even the most diminishing insinuation of a hideously sadistic blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally labeled uniform of the tireless concierge; which contained not even the most sequestered insinuation of a sinfully sordid blemish,

You might wholesomely engulf the chest with the most formally scented uniform of the nonplussed priest; which contained not even the most obsolete insinuation

of a dastardly balderdash blemish,

But yet; and inevitably yet; irrespective of the caste; creed; religion; race or the most unsurpassably undefeated aura of the formal uniform adorning it; the heart beneath it was unabashedly free; the heart beneath it was unbelievably emotional; the heart

beneath it was insuperably humanitarian; O! yes the heart beneath the chest was stark naked .

14. UNCONQUERABLY VIRGIN

Wasn't it unsurpassably amazing; that her nubile palms still remained unconquerably virgin even after my caressing them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh lines of mesmerizing destiny every unfurling instant; by the grace of the Omnipotent Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it limitlessly amazing; that her royal eyes still remained beautifully virgin even after my peering into them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh droplets of priceless empathy every unfurling instant; by the grace of the ever-pervading Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it undefeatedly amazing; that her passionate chest still remained celestially virgin even after my smooching it a countless times; as it evolved into an

infinite fresh cloudbursts of spell-binding compassion every unfurling instant; by the grace of the perpetual Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it boundlessly amazing; that her tantalizing feet still remained impeccably virgin even after my teasing them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh pathways of unflinching adventure every unfurling instant; by the grace of the

Omniscient Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it irrefutably amazing; that her luscious lips still remained timelessly virgin even after my kissing them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh epitomes of unparalleled sensuousness every unfurling instant; by the grace of the

unshakable Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it unbelievably amazing; that her voluptuous nape still remained unimpeachably virgin even after my fondling it a countless times; as it evolved into an

infinite fresh whirlwinds of inimitable titillation every unfurling instant; by the grace of the everlasting Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it interminably amazing; that her bewitching belly still remained innocuously virgin even after my nibbling it a countless times; as it evolved into an infinite fresh atmospheres of stupendous virility every unfurling instant; by the grace of the

spectacular Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it unfathomably amazing; that her ravishing hair still remained immaculately virgin even after my embracing it a countless times; as it evolved into an

infinite fresh reverberations of insatiable euphoria every unfurling instant; by the grace of the unquestionable Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it endlessly amazing; that her inebriating shoulders still remained insuperably virgin even after my kneading them a countless times; as they evolved

into an infinite fresh mountains of bountiful friendship every unfurling instant; by the grace of the triumphant Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it unceasingly amazing; that her robust cheeks still remained inimitably virgin even after my tracing them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh caverns of incomprehensible exultation every unfurling instant; by the grace of the

Omnipresent Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it inexhaustibly amazing; that her seductive armpits still remained wonderfully virgin even after my inhaling them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh skies of righteous perseverance; by the grace of the indomitable Almighty

Lord,

Wasn't it eternally amazing; that her poignant ears still remained indisputably virgin even after my stroking them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh playgrounds of vivacious frolic every unfurling instant; by the grace of the unassailable Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it extraordinarily amazing; that her queenly back still remained sacredly virgin even after my licking it a countless times; as it evolved into an infinite fresh flames of unabashed exhilaration every unfurling instant; by the grace of the unfettered

Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it tirelessly amazing; that her artistic fingers still remained victoriously virgin even after my interlocking with them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh gorges of bounteous creation every unfurling instant; by the grace of the

unprejudiced Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it unprecedentedly amazing; that her dainty skin still remained fantastically virgin even after my exploring it a countless times; as it evolved into an

infinite fresh rain-showers of unbridled sensitivity every unfurling instant; by the grace of the invincible Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it unlimitedly amazing; that her thunderous thighs still remained imperturbably virgin even after my probing them a countless times; as they evolved

into an infinite fresh beads of priceless excitement every unfurling instant; by the grace of the infallible Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it unstoppably amazing; that her mellifluous mouth still remained irrefutably virgin even after my suckling it a countless times; as it evolved into an

infinite fresh tunes of untainted freedom every unfurling instant; by the grace of the ubiquitous Almighty Lord,

Wasn't it fathomlessly amazing; that her effulgent nostrils still remained symbiotically virgin even after my breathing into them a countless times; as they evolved into an infinite fresh fires of seamless proliferation every unfurling instant; by the grace of

the benign Almighty Lord,

And wasn't it uncontrollably amazing; that her immortal heart still remained virgin even after my loving and bonding with it a countless times; as it evolved into an infinite fresh heavens of magical togetherness; by the grace of the irreplaceable

Almighty Lord.

15. HOW I WANTED OUR VERY FIRST KISS TO HAPPEN

With the unsurpassably tangy waves of the fabulous sea wholesomely dictating each of my impoverished senses; and the uninhibitedly pristine shores as my sole and

most undaunted savior,

With the unbelievably handsome apogees of the timeless mountains wholesomely dictating each of my beleaguered senses; and the intrepidly exhilarating winds as my

sole and most fearless savior,

With the inscrutably magnetic swirl of the enigmatic forests wholesomely dictating each of my dwindling senses; and the iridescently sporadic twilight as my

sole and most inimitable savior,

With the unabashedly brazen currents of the stupendous afternoon breeze wholesomely dictating each of my languid senses; and the interminably blazing Sun as my sole and most Omnipotent savior,

With the fantastically unfettered swirl of the virgin waterfalls wholesomely dictating each of my deteriorating senses; and the atmosphere of poignant freshness as my sole and most rejuvenating savior,

With the pricelessly unconquerable fabric of insuperable oneness wholesomely dictating each of my oblivious senses; and the winds of egalitarian humanity as my sole and most effulgent savior,

With the bountifully pungent alacrity of the vivacious rainbows wholesomely dictating each of my inebriated senses; and the gloriously fathomless sky as my sole

and most triumphant savior,

With the intriguingly inscrutable storms of mesmerizing artistry wholesomely dictating each of my deadened senses; and the mystical labyrinths of

mellifluous music as my sole and most victorious savior,

With the incredulously mollifying chords of benign selflessness wholesomely dictating each of myevanescent senses; and the chapters of irrefutably

unassailable truth as my sole and most jubilant savior,

With the tirelessly bewitching cisterns of the enigmatic night wholesomely dictating each of my remorseful senses; and the optimistic beams of the celestial moon as my sole and most impeccable savior,

With the magnificently majestic lines of the profound palm wholesomely dictating each of my penurious senses; and the seductively alluring trails of inexplicable mystery as my sole and most adventurous savior,

With the timelessly stupefying serendipity of the euphoric meadows wholesomely dictating each of my thwarted senses; and the rhapsodically undefeated

entrenchment of golden dewdrops as my sole and most fascinating savior,

With the royally unbridled gush of the ravishing clouds wholesomely dictating each of my parsimonious senses; and the torrential downpour of handsome rain as my sole and most enchanting savior,

With the unshakably potent fructification of the blissful seed wholesomely dictating each of my devastated senses; and the amazingly indomitable virility of black soil as my sole and most burgeoning savior,

With the incomparably tantalizing reverberations of voluptuous lightening wholesomely dictating each of my cloistered senses; and the immeasurable exultation of dusk as my sole and most effervescent savior,

With the unprejudiced heavenly mists of sparkling innocence wholesomely dictating each of my vespered senses; and the indefatigably altruistic harbingers of

humanity as my sole and most ebullient saviors,

With the unflinchingly perennial bellow of Omniscient breath wholesomely dictating each of my obfuscated senses; and the cloudbursts of unceasingly brilliant life as my sole and most unbiased savior,

With the incessantly trumpeting beats of the immortal heart wholesomely dictating each of my dawdling senses; and the bounteously spell binding elixir of

infallibly true love as my sole and most liberated savior,

Was how I exactly wanted our very first kiss to passionately happen O! blessedly nubile beloved; of course and wholesomely all by the grace of the Omnpresently eternal Almighty Lord.

16. OUR LOVE STORY WAS BEING PERPETUALLY WRITTEN

The celestially emollient perspiration might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! spell binding beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our timelessly impeccable perseverance; was being perpetually written by the unassailably Omnipotent Lord Almighty,

The lusciously seductive lips might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! magnetic beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our tirelessly insatiable passion; was being perpetually written by the insuperably Omnipresent Lord Almighty,

The innocuously untainted eyes might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! beautiful beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our bountifully burgeoning empathy; was being perpetually written by the royally unshakable Lord Almighty,

The mischievously flirtatious eyelashes might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! virile beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our uninhibitedly rhapsodic flirtation; was being perpetually written by the infallibly brilliant Lord Almighty,

The inscrutably silken palms might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! pristine beloved ; but fortunatelyfor us; the story of our majestically unfettered destiny; was being perpetually written by the indomitably Omniscient Lord Almighty,

The poignantly crimson blood might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! heavenly beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our unconquerably humanitarian

relationship; was being perpetually written by the victoriously mesmerizing Lord Almighty,

The fearlessly unflinching bones might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! everlasting beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our peerlessly faithful strength;

was being perpetually written by the unendingly fructifying Lord Almighty,

The artistically nubile whispers might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! enchanting beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our mellifluously impregnable romance; was being perpetually written by the undefeated spectacular Lord Almighty,

The unbelievably ecstatic goose-bumps might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! redolent beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our unrelentingly amazing excitement; was being perpetually written by the benevolently undaunted Lord Almighty,

The blissfully intriguing virility might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! eternal beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our euphorically innocent children; was being perpetually written by the unchallangably priceless Lord Almighty,

The effusively restless feet might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! sacrosanct beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our enigmatically blessed

adventure; was being perpetually written by the triumphantly unfettered Lord Almighty,

The ravishingly fluttering hair might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! poignant beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our bewitchingly unparalleled

sensuality; was being perpetually written by the ubiquitously egalitarian Lord Almighty,

The tenderly nectar-laden fingers might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! undying beloved; but fortunately forus; the story of our incomparably utopian artistry;

was being perpetually written by the invincibly ever-pervading Lord Almighty,

The seductively rain-soaked napes might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! effulgent beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our divinely rekindling electricity; was being perpetually written by the interminably benign Lord Almighty,

The congruously exuberant whistles might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! regale beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our unlimitedly boundless happiness; was being perpetually written by the magnanimously Herculean Lord Almighty,

The stupendously panoramic brains might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! adorable beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our insuperably unceasing

fantasies; was being perpetually written by the ardently venerated Lord Almighty,

The fascinatingly reverberating spines might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! resplendent beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our endlessly enthralling titillation; was being perpetually written by the unconquerably truthful Lord Almighty,

The fiery passionate breaths might be undoubtedly yours and mine O! inimitable beloved; but fortunately for us; the story of our iridescently spell-binding

life; was being perpetually written by the perennially ameliorating Lord Almighty,

And the fathomlessly compassionate hearts be undoubtedly yours and mine O! tantalizing beloved; butfortunately for us; the story of our immortally fragrant love; was being perpetually written by the marvelously all-powerful Lord Almighty.

17. BACK IN BUSINESS.

As soon as the rain came tumbling tempestuously from crimson sky; the acrimoniously scorching desert sands were blissfully back in business,

As soon as tendrils of scrumptiously green grass came upon the treacherously barren slopes; the miserably divested cow was radiantly back in business,

As soon as the spellbindingly boisterous bee came to uninhibitedly philander in the disparagingly lambasted garden; the derogatorily squandered rose was ingratiatingly back in business,

As soon as invincible blankets of iron came to majestically blend with conspicuously frigid mud; the pathetically emaciated iron was astoundingly back in business,

As soon as rhapsodic undulations of sea water came to monotonously nondescript land; the flagrantly slavering fish were celestially back in business,

As soon as untamed whirlpools of ebulliently ravishing breeze came to the lugubriously still atmosphere; the egregiously devastated birds were bountifully back in business,

As soon as exuberantly iridescent rainbows came to the fathomlessly lackadaisical skies; the disastrously dwindling peacocks were euphorically back in business,

As soon as mystically luminescent nightfall came to the torturously bereaved forests; the disdainfully silent snakes were triumphantly back in business,

As soon as fireballs of unlimited compassion came to the fabric of manipulatively estranged planet; the derogatorily deteriorating artist was royally back in business,

As soon as the mists of relentlessly cavorting mischief came to the sonorously morbid atmosphere; the forlornly trembling butterfly was connubially back in

business,

As soon as streams of mellifluously vibrant beauty came to every cranny of this murderously bellicose planet; the fantastically fantasizing and holistic brain was gloriously back in business,

As soon as the resplendently twinkling circus came to the ghoulishly beleaguered mortuary; the truculently whipped clowns were enthusiastically back in business,

As soon as winds of luxuriously opulence came to every dilapidated street of this impoverished planet; the hoarsely extradited beggars were victoriously back in

business,

As soon as mirrors of unassailably egalitarian selflessness came to this venomously lecherous earth; the traumatically extinguishing flames of truth and pristinely untainted unity; were jubilantly back in business,

As soon as shadows of intriguingly princely silkenness came to the jaggedly corrugated periphery of earth; the dementedly delirious fairies were wholeheartedly

back in business,

As soon as the corridors of unshakable hope came to the corpses of horrendously maiming stagnation; the despondently fading beams of enlightenment were

unflinchingly back in business,

As soon as fearlessly exotic air came to the gruesomely stuttering jacket of penurious lungs; the diabolically shivering bloodstreams were timelessly back in business,

As soon as undefeated infernos of impeccable integrity came to the politically corrupt civilization; the rapidly sagging Sun of patriotism was unconquerably back in business,

And as soon as fathomless gorge's of immortal love came to the preposterously sinful coffins of ghostly betrayal; the haplessly silent and unfortunate heart was perpetually back in business.

18. THE FRUIT OF EVER-PERVADINGLY FRUCTIFYING LOVE.

A one to one with her majestically emphatic eyes; and I felt as if dancing in the aisles of pristinely burgeoning paradise; for an infinite more births of mine,

A one to one with her lusciously redolent lips; and I felt as if uninhibited exhilaration couldn't have been ever better; with my desire to survive now more insuperably profound; than the entire wave of existence on this fathomless planet,

A one to one with her impeccably royal conscience; and I felt as if there was the Sun of Omnipotent truth; on even the most infinitesimally fugitive cranny of this colossal Universe,

A one to one with her magically resplendent palms; and I felt as if I was united in the cosmos of everlasting humanity for times immemorial; as if I was destined to forever bond with every conceivable fraternity of mankind,

A one to one with her robustly effulgent cheeks; and I felt as if timelessly singing in the caverns of immaculately unadulterated childhood; wonderfully assimilating every ounce of heavenly mischief from the spell-binding atmosphere,

A one to one with her iridescently twinkling feet; and I felt as if unlimitedly fantasizing in the raindrops of untamed sensuality; with life seeming to be the ultimate dance of enriching optimism,

A one to one with her flirtatiously winking eyelashes; and I felt as if revived from countless feet beneath my cadaverously morbid grave; with every quintessential life as fresh as vividly poignant ocean salt,

A one to one with her euphorically passionate veins; and I felt as if the most emolliently empathizing organism on this boundless earth; invincibly coalescing with every celestial stream of living kind,

A one to one with her ravishingly cascading hair; and I felt every ounce of excitement on earth and endless kilometers beyond; had thunderously descended down in glorious unison; upon the treacherously emaciated pores of my dying skin,

A one to one with her tantalizingly exotic belly; and I felt as if the unsurpassably enchanting fabric of seductive night had blessedly arrived; even as acrimoniously blistering rays of the Sun stabbed me in the whites and blacks of my eyes,

A one to one with her mellifluously endowing voice; and I felt as if the most unprecedentedly ebullient epitomes of mesmerizing paradise; blissfully

enshrouded me from every construable side,

A one to one with her miraculously benevolent shadow; and I felt as if I had been wholesomely absolved of even the tiniest of my sins in past and present life; unassailably wrapped in the belly of unflinching compassion for centuries unfathomable,

A one to one with her artistically eclectic fingers; and I felt as if the mantra of "United We Stand"; was the only sermon to panoramically survive for a countless births beyond my truncated time,

A one to one with her endlessly subliming camaraderie; and I felt as if the power of gregariously bonding oneness; was an ardor greater than the greatest of wealth on this inexhaustibly charming globe,

A one to one with her fantastically evolving brain; and I felt as if perennially priceless life spawned out of bizarrely tawdry nothingness; jubilantly embellishing every cranny of the lackadaisically corrupt world; with the fragrance of triumphant fantasy,

A one to one with her gloriously golden sweat; and I felt as if the essence of unconquerable honesty; timelessly transcended over even the most infidel whisker of the devil; frivolously transgressing venerated mother soil,

A one to one with her Omnipresently godly soul; and I felt as if holistically consecrated by the winds of divine disarmament; with every trace of haplessly deteriorating terrorism; forever and ever and ever evaporating into the coffins of hell,

A one to one with her melodiously sweet nape; and I felt as if rainshowers of torrential virility erupted from even the most deadened pores of my skin; as I unstoppably surged forward to continue the Lord's sacrosanct chapters of procreation,

A one to one with her unbelievably exultating bosom; and I felt as if my body was nothing but a gorge of endlessly augmenting desire; harmoniously placated by virgin milk in the kingly atmosphere,

A one to one with her victoriously fiery breath; and I felt as if the unshakably intrepid elixir of life could never ever end; with even the most disastrously penalizing trauma on this planet; wonderfully metamorphosing into a cloud of revitalizing happiness,

And a one to one with her immortally throbbing heartbeats; and I felt as I was born to do nothing; to say nothing; to dream nothing; to spawn nothing; but just the fruit of ever-pervadingly fructifying love; love and only beautiful love .

19. WAS IT MY FAULT

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every droplet of my euphorically mesmerizing sweat; and she on the other hand torturously evaporated every ounce of happiness from my life; even an infinite years after we got married ?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every of my celestially euphoric smiles; and she on the other hand made me unjustly cry

a countless tears of murderous hell; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every stream of my quintessentially life-bestowing blood; and she on the other hand in humanitarianly buried me under a fathomless graveyard of her meaningless deliriousness; even an

infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every triumphantly rhapsodic fantasy of mine; and she on the other hand metamorphosed every treasured moment of mine into the most diabolically asphyxiating of nightmare; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every ingredient of my untamed sensuality; and she on the other hand heartlessly castrated me of all my virility and vitality; right in the center of the boisterous street; even an infinite

years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every of my pricelessly untainted adventure; and she on the other hand devilishly incarcerated me in the prisons of her hedonistic sadism; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every of my inimitably seductive whisper; and she on the other hand yelled a boundless

volley of abuses at me for no ostensible reason or rhyme; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every element of my altruistically infallible philanthropism; and she on the other hand criminally cremated the last bone of my spine alive; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every of my royally resplendent destiny line; and she on the other hand made me sacrilegiously beg on the sordidly deplorable and orphaned streets; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every line of my perennially compassionate poetry; and she on the other hand blew me away like an obliviously fictitious speck in her spuriously lecherous cigar smoke; even an infinite

years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every poignantly enthralling sound that I heard; and she on the other hand truculently numbed each of my senses with her unrelentingly tyrannical wickedness; even an infinite years after we

got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every benevolent word that I uttered; and she on the other hand venomously snapped my tongue

into an innumerable halves as I was solely praising her; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every molecule of my peerlessly invincible strength; and she on the other hand guffawed her heart out after insouciantly excoriating my hide and feeding it to stray pigs; even an infinite

years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every timelessly reinvigorated goose-bump on my flesh; and she on the other hand maniacally dumped me under the most robotically fetid of junkyards; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every artistic fragrance that radiated from my nerves; and she on the other hand ruthlessly

trounced and kicked me through the corpses of devastating prejudice; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every ray of my truthfully emollient soul; and she on the other hand mercilessly torched every pore of my body with the disparaging hell of lies; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every vein of my pricelessly undefeated life; and she on the other hand left me to cadaverously shudder and die; even an infinite years after we got married?

Was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every of my unconquerably iridescent breath; and she on the other hand gave me the most

worthlessly despicable death at her very own hands; even an infinite years after we got married?

And was it my fault that I loved her more than I could have ever loved every beat of my passionately immortal heart; and she on the other hand smooched and mated

for times immemorial with another man right infront of my own eyes; even an infinite years after we got married?

20. ROYAL LOVE ITSELF.

O! Yes; it was none other Omnipotent love solely by itself and in its most gloriously unimpeachable form; which majestically conquered an infinite more meadows

of resplendently burgeoning love,

O! Yes; it was insuperable love solely by itself and in its most compassionately unfettered form; which undyingly harnessed an infinite more skies of immortally interminable love,

O! Yes; it was royal love solely by itself and in its most charismatically poignant form; which triumphantly suckled an infinite more droplets of sensuously nubile

love,

O! Yes; it was virgin love solely by itself and in its most pristinely unadulterated form; which irresistibly mated with an infinite more rainbows of vivaciouslycavorting love,

O! Yes; it was timelessly eternal love solely by itself and in its most ubiquitously untainted form; which unsurpassably evolved an infinite more cisterns of wonderfully emollient love,

O! Yes; it was victoriously mellifluous love solely by itself and in its most iridescently magnanimous form; which indefatigably patronized an infinite more harbingers of spell-bindingly heavenly love,

O! Yes; it was bountifully ecstatic love solely by itself and in its most euphorically fructifying form; which inevitably invited an infinite more cosmos's of perennially ameliorating love,

O! Yes; it was universally blessing love solely by itself and in its most rhapsodically divine form; which tirelessly perpetuated an infinite more gorges of metaphorically copious love,

O! Yes; it was wonderfully Omnipresent love solely by itself and in its most bountifully extemporizing form; which aristocratically transpired an infinite more

atmosphere's of harmoniously egalitarian love,

O! Yes; it was unbelievably redolent love solely by itself and in its most humanitarianly priceless form; which ardently worshipped an infinite more temples of

unassailably venerated love,

O! Yes; it was unceasingly serendipitous love by itself and in its most gorgeously unshakable form;which intriguingly sketched an infinite more natural

landscapes of stupendously inscrutable love,

O! Yes; it was ever-pervadingly young love by itself and in its most robustly impregnable form; which limitlessly sung an infinite more songs of beautifully

virile love,

O! Yes; it was everlastingly seductive love by itself and in its most Omnisciently potent form; which magnetically exuded into an infinite more reverberations of unflinchingly indomitable love,

O! Yes; it was blissfully emancipating love by itself and in its most thunderously compassionate form; which irrefutably signed an infinite more bonds of

indisputably benevolent love,

O! Yes; it was symbiotically fragrant love by itself and in its most spectacularly multiplying form; which infallibly united with an infinite more fortresses of

peerlessly fathomless love,

O! Yes; it was mystically enamoring love by itself and in its most perpetually invincible form; which unchallangably reincarnated an infinite more mists of

celestially endless love,

O! Yes; it was magically reinvigorating love by itself and in its most supremely innocuous form; whichunstoppably spawned into an infinite more seeds of

regally fearless love,

O! Yes; it was ebulliently fiery love by itself and in its most rejoicingly transcending form; which perennially breathed an infinite more breaths of passionately godly love,

O! Yes; it was surreally tantalizing love by itself and in its most immorally faithful form; which unabashedly tied the nuptial thread with an infinite more brides of effervescently boisterous love .

21. YOU. YES IT WAS ONLY YOU O! BELOVED

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose wonderfully luscious lips; invincibly started and ended; my every passionately ignited and bountifully iridescent; kiss;

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose rhapsodically emancipating eyes; spell-bindingly started and ended; my every royally unfettered and victoriously poignant; fantasy,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose intricately silken feet; ecstatically started and ended; my every intrepidly titillating and timelessly reinvigorating; adventure,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose sensuously reverberating spine; unbelievably started and ended; my every interminably voluptuous and

beautifully euphoric; caress,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose victoriously effulgent palms; stupendously started and ended; my every stroke of joyously unbridled and

inscrutably bewitching; destiny,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose ravishingly titillating hair; handsomely started and ended; my every unabashedly liberating and vivaciously

blessed; dance,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose gorgeously seductive nape; inebriatingly started and ended; my every immaculately wondrous and regally

ameliorating; nibble,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose uninhibitedly dimpled chin; marvelously started and ended; my every anecdote of pristinely sparkling and

insatiably charismatic; mischief,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose ravenously effervescent belly; potently started and ended; my every fierily unending and fabulously

exultated; lick,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose rapturously blushing cheeks; poignantly started and ended; my every odyssey of inimitably undying and

victoriously unprecedented; excitement,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose blissfully sweat-laden armpit; irrefutably started and ended; my every trail of truthfully emollient and

indefatigably insuperable; perseverance,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose mellifluously holistic fingers; ecstatically started and ended; my every impeccably benign and unsurpassably altruistic; artistry,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose flirtatiously flapping ears; indomitably started and ended; my every timelessly augmenting and mystically

groping; desire,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose compassionately roused bosom; unflinchingly started and ended; my every vial of peerlessly fecund and

blessedly magnetic; virility,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose densely enamoring brow; vividly started and ended; my every enigmatically evoking and serenely serendipitous;

whisper,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose thunderously electric thighs; uncontrollably started and ended; my every humanely ardent and eternally

emaciated; longing,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose magically ameliorating soul; harmoniously started and ended; my every act of wonderfully egalitarian and

unconquerably symbiotic; humility,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose incomprehensibly perennial nostrils; aristocratically started and ended; my every expedition of romantically princely and unimaginably heroic; life,

You. Yes it was only you O! Beloved. At whose immortally throbbing heart; perpetually started and ended; my every beat of divinely blossoming and

insuperably uniting; love .

22. TO MAKE MY HEART SPECIAL

To make my eyes special; I feasted them on the unfathomable repertoire of God's astounding beauty; recounting the same to my blind mates submerged in a

blanket of derogatory despair,

To make my hands special; I hoisted innocuous orphans high up in the air; escalating them towards their elestial dreams,

To make my feet special; I marched and ran indefatigable kilometers on the trot; intrepidly fighting for my tyrannized motherland,

To make my lips special; I uninhibitedly unleashed them into a benign smile; imparting perpetual rays of hope to my impoverished mates in inexplicable pain,

To make my destiny special; I wholeheartedly led each instant of my life; relishing every ray of the Golden Sun on my nimble skin; as each minute unveiled,

To make my tongue special; I sang the harmoniously philanthropic hymns of humanity; endeavoring my best to unite all alike; with the irrefutable voice of

mankind,

To make my teeth special; I profoundly savored the fruits of mother nature; propagating the essence of blissful non-violence in every quarter of the

manipulatively violent planet,

To make my reflection special; I used it to cast spells of rejuvenating exhilaration; upon my dreary compatriots; sinking horrendously towards obdurate soil,

To make my bones special; I indefatigably persevered all night and day to achieve the ultimate mission of my life; uplift treacherously withering humanity; to

an exotic paradise,

To make my hair special; I allowed them to drift freely with the gushing breeze; not restraining them to flow into any religion or creed,

To make my mind special; I fantasized intransigently in the aisles of fabulous desire; formidably augmenting my vision to serve planet earth; as the days unfurled,

To make my blood special; I drained it out entirely from my veins; enlightening the lives of those relinquishing breath rapidly; to blend with diabolical doomsday,

To make my shoulders special; I alighted the revered deities of my divinely parents till times immemorial; transporting them to the most; inconspicuously remote

places that they had always wanted,

To make my existence special; I unflinchingly kept performing my flurry of tasks; impregnably entwining my hands with my fellow beings in traumatic distress

and agonizing pain,

To make my ears special; I absorbed the unsurpassable melody in the exuberant breeze; taught the demons to relish the benign tunes of Almighty God,

To make my breath special; I planted an insurmountable battalion of trees; bonding each puff of air I exhaled; perennially with impeccable living beings,

To make my conscience special; I adopted the path of everlasting righteousness; irrevocably avoiding the temptations of salaciously lecherous desire,

To make my soul special; I left every element of its goodness to wander far and wide across this globe; illuminating unfound beams of optimism; in all lives shattered and satanically buried under mountains of utter helplessness,

And to make my heart special; I immortally loved the person of my dreams for infinite more births to come; letting the Omnipotent beats of our love; embrace and

exist together with over other tangible being .

23. NO REPLACEMENTS

Rhapsodic joy replaced; agonizing anecdotes of despairing sadness,

Opulent wealth replaced; disastrously impoverished caricatures of; miserably slithering poverty,

Impeccably sparkling light replaced; deplorably fetid darkness; a dungeon of parasitic gloom since centuries unprecedented,

Tornados of Herculean strength replaced; despicably withering bodies; tottering towards the corridors of extinction,

A festoon of torrentially amicable smiles replaced; morbidly frustrating boredom; pulverizing you to raw ash each instant,

Voluptuously charismatic blankets of mysticism replaced; stringent monotony; augmenting more hideously than the devils as time unveiled,

Nostalgic childhood replaced; lecherous incidents of ghastly manipulation; tyrannizing you to the realms of ultimate doomsday,

Incessantly ticking clock replaced; baseless laziness; perpetually massacring the last iota of exuberant energy from your robust body,

Invincible conviction replaced; entities stuttering at every step they took; eventually collapsing like a pile of inconspicuous matchsticks,

Persevering hard work replaced; lackadaisically nictitating mice; surrendering in meek submission; even before the mission commenced,

Prudently sagacious education replaced; hopeless caverns of pathetic illiteracy; pulverizing a person like mincemeat; in today's acrimonious society,

Irrefutable truth replaced; gory corpses of blatant lies; infiltrating like a pertinent leech into blissful quarters of society,

Immaculate skies of honesty replaced; heartbreaking encounters of betrayal; utterly devastating an individual to lead a shamefully crippled life,

Indefatigable cloud covers of innovation replaced; abhorrent stagnation; rotting treacherously towards the satanic atmosphere of hell,

Insatiable simplicity replaced; the unfathomable webs of bizarre complication; uncouthly stabbing each asset of preciously gifted life,

Enchanting rain's of fantasy replaced; frigidly heinous commercial reality; profusely incapacitating man from; enriching with God's grace,

Resplendently twinkling stars replaced; anguished wounds in inexplicable pain; a terrorizing darkness that enveloped like perilous swords from all sides,

Ravishingly exotic ocean's of fragrance replaced; insurmountably decaying stench of the gutters; inundated with crime; lies and derogatory messengers of mankind,

The innocent voice of the conscience replaced; all sinister sins of past; present and future lives,

But there was no replacement for Love; as the moment you tried to replace it; it only got substituted by more formidable equations of immortal love; for as long as life on the planet existed; for as long as it took birth again; and again and again .

24. LOVE IS NOT JUST A DREAM

Love is not just a definition,

It is a boundless reservoir of empathy; not yielding the slightest even in the most acrimonious of storm .

Love is not just a word,

It is an impregnable fortress; which withstands the most mightiest of condemnation and torrential attack .

Love is not just a desire,

It is an immortal relationship; blossoming into a festoon of benign goodness as each instant unveiled .

Love is not just an infatuation,

It is an astounding rainbow inundated with infinite colors and charm; bonding in threads of a perpetual relationship for centuries immemorial .

Love is not just a gift,

It is the summit of ultimate ecstasy in every living beings life; escalating like an untamed inferno; seductively over the starry skies .

Love is not just a philosophy,

It is a perennially sacred verse; which miraculously alleviates the most gruesome of suffering; by its mere incantation from the periphery of the lips .

Love is not just a spark,

It is an everlasting desire which astonishingly proliferates as time passes; transcending over the worst of boredom; misery and pain .

Love is not just a titillation,

It is an enchanting caress which makes you feel the richest entity alive; embracing all religion and mankind; in the swirl of its Omnipotent aura .

And love is not just a dream,

It is an immortal reality which has been there even before this earth was created; bonding hearts all across the trajectory of this boundless Universe in its enthralling entrenchment; giving them a reason to beat .

25. SADLY NO BEATS

The most disgraceful thing for the skies; was to have their gorgeously fathomless periphery; savagely encrypted by a battalion of ominously heinous clouds,

The most disgraceful thing for the dog; was to have its handsomely harmonious body; brutally kicked by its charismatically revered master,

The most disgraceful thing for the deserts; was to have their boundlessly celestial carpet of glistening sands; inundated with Herculean tons of capriciously insipid water,

The most disgraceful thing for the discotheque; was to have its bombastically sleazy interiors; holistically invaded by blissfully sacrosanct prayer and painstakingly persevering rhyme,

The most disgraceful thing for the forests; was to have their mystically romantic and profusely scented surroundings; heinously perpetuated by obnoxiously acrimonious gas; become a commercial warehouse for monotonously vindictive business magnates,

The most disgraceful thing for the sharks; was to impregnate their preposterously mammoth mouths with diminutively worthless vegetables; slither incessantly

on frigid soil amidst a mountain of; lackadaisically nonchalant seaweed,

The most disgraceful thing for the cow; was to perennially ooze opulently spurious wine from its overwhelmingly divinely teats; replenish its stomach with parsimonious garbage left overs; left by the uncouthly barbaric society for its nocturnal meal,

The most disgraceful thing for the ocean; was to have its ravishingly undulating and timeless expanse of waves; salaciously pervaded upon by hideously gargantuan tankers of morbidly murderous oil,

The most disgraceful thing for the birds; was to have their rhetorically nimble and flamboyantly boisterous demeanor's incarcerated behind appalling prison bars;

being treacherously bereft of galloping flight,

The most disgraceful thing for the old; was to have their devastatingly ailing bodies being treated like pieces of insanely threadbare shit; being opprobriously castigated from their own dwellings; by their irascibly impudent kin,

The most disgraceful thing for the corpse; was to have its dolorously dreary interiors sagaciously infiltrated by vivaciously sparkling life; bloom into miraculous resplendence; the very word which was a lethal venom for its perilously sinister ears,

The most disgraceful thing for the teacher; was to be belligerently rebuked by his unsurpassable horde of immaculate students; being boycotted with the tag of

"Liar", for ostensibly no fault of his,

The most disgraceful thing for the athlete; was to disastrously stumble into obdurately mortifying soil; the instant he alighted his robustly sparkling foot;

in electric exuberance from the starting line,

The most disgraceful thing for the writer; was to have his most pricelessly countless volumes of spell binding literature; menacingly excoriated apart into a trillion specks of lackluster dust; the very alphabets which he had so ardently harnessed with his very own; crimson blood,

The most disgraceful thing for the stomach; was to meaninglessly puke out even the last iota of food synergistically entrapped within; after consuming the most harmoniously blessed ingredients of Mother Nature,

The most disgraceful thing for the shadow; was to have its stupendously enigmatic contours lecherously punctured by maniacally concrete civilizations of rigidity; have its silken grace manipulatively trespassed by greedy tycoons,

The most disgraceful thing for the conscience; was to be incomprehensibly burdened by a dungeon of blatantly abhorrent lies; wholesomely vanquish its spirit of irrefutably godly righteousness; at the slightest of greedy provocation,

The most disgraceful thing for existence; was to be indefatigably enshrouded by precarious hurricanes of stagnating death; perpetually relinquish its Omnipotent aura; to the deplorable hell of non-existence,

And the most disgraceful thing for love; was diabolically bellicose betrayal; being viciously slapped by the person it had uninhibitedly devoted its countless lifetimes; being left to wander with solely a remorseful heart; but sadly no beats .

26. WELCOMING HER BACK

Gruesome carpets of despairing blindness had set upon her magnificently sparkling countenance; enveloping her perennially in a world of bizarre darkness,

But it was my eyes that had veritably lost every iota of sight; as I stumbled like an insane lunatic in every sphere of life; tragically devastated in whirlpools of ghastly depression .

Gory leprosy had descended lecherously upon her marvelously blissful demeanor; brutally incapacitating her in wholesome entirety; for the remainder of her life,

But it was my hands and feet that had veritably lost even the most tiniest of ability to hoist; as I haplessly staggered in a tornado of doom; for centuries immemorial .

Barbaric dumbness had salaciously entrenched upon her majestically royal countenance; ruthlessly chopping every cranny of her robustly melodious cadence; into a countless pieces of insipid nothingness,

But it was my tongue that had veritably lost even the most remotest of ability to speak; as I pathetically slithered on remorseful spit; without the slightest sound emanating from my tyrannized throat .

Diabolical sadness had fathomlessly enveloped upon her sparklingly robust stride; penalizing her immaculate grace for absolutely no fault of hers,

But it was my lips that had veritably relinquished all smiles; as I drunk tears of horrendous solitude each unfurling instant of the treacherous day; trespassing

through a battlefield of vindictive prejudice soaked in ghastly blood; all my life .

Ominously irascible cancer had cascaded down upon her blisteringly flamboyant visage; murderously asphyxiating all her glorious happiness in destined life,

But it was my body that veritably puked everything that I tried to ravishingly swallow; with a tinge of lecherously debilitating yellow; proliferating astoundingly; upon my hopelessly extinguishing senses .

Savage termites had crawled upon from all sides upon her magically glistening persona; barbarically attacking her with contemptuously opprobrious lechery,

But it was my veins that veritably lost every ingredient of scarlet blood; as I incessantly floated like a lifeless skeleton; through the corpse of gory death and in the graveyard of malicious abhorrence .

Overpowering darkness had viciously infiltrated upon her gorgeously delectable reflection; crippling her invidiously of all those blissfully romantic moments;

in euphorically vibrant life,

But it was my dwelling that had veritably abnegated all traces of dynamic light; as I couldn't find even my own silhouette; decaying into wisps of worthlessly

horrific oblivion .

Perfidious paralysis had vindictively gripped her enamoringly scintillating scent from all sides; treacherously overtoppling her from Omnipotent realms of blissfully blessed sleep,

But it was my heart that had veritably ceased to function; ludicrously dissolving all its passionate reservoir of beats with domains of penalizing hell; ruthlessly massacring even the most priceless of emotion; and the chapter of immortal love .

And devilishly unforgiving death had stooped perilously upon her daintily tinkling royalty; rendering her meaninglessly at the last stage of her most fabulously priceless existence,

But it was my breath that had veritably snapped in wholesome entirety from my deplorably bleeding nostrils; as I reached heaven even before the most ethereal of her shadow could creep through; to welcome her as her unassailable lover; eternally and once again .

27. ULTIMATE MESSIAH OF HUMANITY

I wanted to dedicate my diminutive eyes; solely to her majestically blooming cisterns of poignant empathy; sleep in her voluptuous eyelashes; for centuries immemorial,

I wanted to dedicate my abraded lips; solely to her aristocratically tinkling smile; be profusely assimilated in the silver saliva that she slurped; every time she compassionately pursed her mouth,

I wanted to dedicate my withering cheeks; solely to her profoundly crimson blushes; rejoicing in her ebullient whirlwind of happiness; as she ecstatically tread on satiny soil,

I wanted to dedicate my penurious palms; solely to her fabulously enigmatic destiny; rhetorically maneuvering every element of my existence; to the vivacious tunes

of her magnetic life,

I wanted to dedicate my distraught scalp; solely to her ravishingly tantalizing hair; become the marvelously scintillating swish of air that resonated; whenever she seductively swayed her head,

I wanted to dedicate my pecuniary chin; solely to her nostalgically titillating reflection; blending every iota of my holistic spirit in entirety; to her overwhelmingly magnetic persona,

I wanted to dedicate my fatigued chest; solely to her melodiously unassailable soul; coalescing every cranny of my pathetically dwindling senses; with the Omnipotent magic in her crimson blood,

I wanted to dedicate my mutilated feet; solely to her impeccable stride; wholesomely becoming every step that she trespassed on; to evolve a magnificently scintillating tomorrow,

I wanted to dedicate my famished hunger; solely to her perennially augmenting yearning for voluptuously charismatic desire; become every ingredient of her

piquantly replenished and marvelously alluring grace,

I wanted to dedicate my nomadic ears; solely to her ingratiatingly rhapsodic sound; bounce with stupendous exhilaration in the garden of her perpetually ravishing enchantment,

I wanted to dedicate my rustically wandering neck; solely to her sensuously drifting and captivatingly euphoric aura; relentlessly cuddle in the ferociously tangy warmth of her divine countenance,

I wanted to dedicate my mercurial teeth; solely to her vibrantly nubile back; igniting fireballs of tumultuous longing in every iota of her flesh; as I nibbled tenderly; till the very last of my veritable breath,

I wanted to dedicate my countless bones; solely to her irrefutably impregnable cause for philanthropic righteousness; become every vein of her never ending tenacity; to mitigate inexplicable suffering from planet earth,

I wanted to dedicate my dolorous shadow; solely to her astoundingly enigmatic and benign voice; eternally tracing the euphorically fantastic cadence; in her gloriously vivacious sounds,

I wanted to dedicate my vanquished head; solely to her bountifully sacrosanct feet; intransigently following her sagaciously Omnipotent footsteps; to every cranny

of the globe that she went,

I wanted to dedicate my flirtatious shoulders; solely to her supremely princely visage; hoisting her grandiloquent body to beyond the land of infinite infinity; at the most infinitesimal of her Godly command,

I wanted to dedicate my golden sweat; solely to her untamed wave of unrelenting perseverance; mesmerizing each disastrously exhausted pore of my skin; with the

celestial river of humanity fulminating profusely; from her eclectic persona,

I wanted to dedicate my truncated breath; solely to her tranquilly bequeathing life; forever become the fragrance of humanitarian righteousness; which she ubiquitously wafted; on her every mystically proliferating step,

And I wanted to dedicate my throbbing heart; solely to her immortally bestowing love; bond every beat wailing in my indiscreetly trembling chest with her Omniscient

essence; to tower unequivocally as the ultimate messiah of humanity .

28. DEVOURED

In the bizarre wilderness of the relentlessly dense forests; I intransigently felt as if I was being profoundly devoured; in a world of unending mysticism and uninhibited enigma,

In the dolorously dooming graveyard; I incessantly felt as if I was being morbidly devoured; in whirlpools of remorsefully disastrous depression,

In the heart of the resplendently ravishing ocean; I euphorically felt as I was being tanigly devoured; by unfathomable spurts of frosty exuberance,

In the satiny cover of the opalescently majestic night; I tranquilly felt as if I was being ebulliently devoured; by impregnably enamoring and fabulously fascinating peace,

In the unsurpassably redolent garden of gorgeously scarlet roses; I enchantingly felt as if I was being fragrantly devoured; by insurmountable fireballs of royal scent,

In the monotonously manipulative domains of the corporate office; I unrelentingly felt as if I was being malevolently devoured; by endless waves of horrendously stagnating boredom,

In the entrenchment of discerningly scintillating mirrors; I optimistically felt as if I was being candidly devoured; by the innermost voices of my righteously entrapped conscience,

In the ghastly pool of horrifically diabolical crocodiles; I insidiously felt as if I was being salaciously devoured; by gruesomely acrimonious savagery,

In the panoramic kaleidoscope of the gorgeously blooming gorge; I timelessly felt as if I was being bountifully devoured; by a whole new civilization of astounding newness,

In the impeccably bustling kindergarten of new born infants; I rhapsodically felt as if I was being blissfully devoured; by incomprehensibly compassionate tornado's; of magnificently divine energy,

In the branches of the inscrutably rustling tree; I intriguingly felt as if I was being profusely devoured; by seductively tantalizing carpets of perennially escalating desire,

In the flames of the unremittingly blazing fire; I dynamically felt as if I was being ardently devoured; by flames of eternally fathomless passion,

In the wings of the overwhelmingly zipping aircraft; I ecstatically felt as if I was being spell bindingly devoured; by a majestically volatile fervor to gallop resurgently; throughout the tenure of my diminutively impoverished life,

In the light of the tantalizingly flickering candle; I ardently felt as if I was being uxoriously devoured; by cisterns of intimately infidel electricity; clinging fanatically close to the visage of my blossoming dreamgirl,

In the disdainfully abominable pigs hutch; I abhorrently felt as if I was being devastatingly devoured; by sordidly forlorn filth and rotting piles of worthless nothingness,

In the land of poetically celestial justice; I romantically felt as if I was being fascinatingly devoured; by limitless caverns of harmoniously tingling contentment; an insatiably philanthropic desire to wholesomely blend with the threads of priceless humanity,

In the midst of the vivaciously gregarious rainbow; I magically felt as I was being splendidly devoured; by holistically iridescent beams of voluptuous innovation; as sparkling hurricanes of fresh energy enveloped each cranny of my; beleaguered countenance,

In the boundless fountain of mesmerizing breath; I Omnisciently felt as I was being miraculously devoured; by infinite more blessed lives; of my very own amiable kind,

And in the unassailably vivid eyes of my ravishing beloved; I immortally felt as I was being beautifully devoured; by the Sun of unequivocally bequeathing love; the rays of a perpetually everlasting relationship; which vehemently refused to die .

29. THE MOST PRICELESS THING

The most priceless thing that my mother could ever have bequeathed upon

me; was her unconditional support and compassion; even in my times of

acrimoniously devastating survival,

The most priceless thing that my sister could ever have bequeathed upon me;

was a kaleidoscope of astoundingly intriguing mischief; making me perennially feel that I was that; unscrupulous child once again,

The most priceless thing that my father could ever have bequeathed upon me;

was an unrelenting dynamism to propel forward come what may; blaze more

ferociously than the midday Sun; even in the heart of the perniciously insidious midnight,

The most priceless thing that my grandmother could ever have bequeathed upon

me; was a fabulously ingratiating tale of my sparklingly revered ancestors; an unparalleled urge in me to trace back my aboriginal rudiments; till the last breath I that I inhaled,

The most priceless thing that my neighbors could ever have bequeathed upon

me; was an ecstatic spirit of never-dying unity; coalescing every benevolent

step of theirs with my; unflinchingly revolution towards righteousness,

The most priceless thing that my friends could ever have bequeathed upon me;

was an unprecedented ardor to gyrate in mesmerizing boisterousness; shrug

all tensions of the monotonously sweltering day; to wholeheartedly romance

with the winds of the ravishing night,

The most priceless thing that my children could ever have bequeathed upon

me; was profound whirlpools of immaculate newness; that led me to intransigently grope for fascinating enchantment; on every mesmerizing path that I tread,

The most priceless thing that my shadow could ever have bequeathed upon

me; was a cloud of voluptuously titillating excitement; enveloping me in a

whirlwind of seductively princely imagination; for decades unfathomable,

The most priceless thing that my echo could ever have bequeathed upon

me; was a bountifully ringing ebullience; an unassailable magnet of mysticism

that profusely entrenched each of my drearily bedraggled nerves,

The most priceless thing that my pet could ever have bequeathed upon me; was

an irrevocably sacerdotal feeling of timeless faith; a fortress of impregnable solidarity to believe forever; in all philanthropic living kind,

The most priceless thing that my dwelling could ever have bequeathed upon me; was enchantingly blissful support in my times of disastrously stagnating isolation; a synergistically placating vivaciousness; that kept me bereft of all debilitation and murderous disease,

The most priceless thing that my pen could ever have bequeathed upon me; was

ubiquitously enthralling words of candid humanity; an astoundingly amiable

fountain of gregarious relationships; which grew even more formidable in

times of dooming distress,

The most priceless thing that my eyes could ever have bequeathed upon me;

was the marvelous artistry on the canvas of the fathomless Universe; the gloriously Aristocratic beauty hidden in each tranquil particle; of the handsome atmosphere,

The most priceless thing that my ancestors could ever have bequeathed upon me; was such miraculously Omnipotent parents; whose fragrance of stupendously enlightening existence; is what I will always cherish in every diminutive birth of mine,

The most priceless thing that my God could ever have bequeathed upon me; was

an incessant river of boundless creativity; an unsurpassable energy to magically conceive; beyond the intriguingly extraordinary,

The most priceless thing that my conscience could ever have bequeathed upon

me; was the immutably unconquerable sword of divine truth; wholesomely extinguishing the very rudiments; of the chapter called lecherous lies,

The most priceless thing that my breath could ever have bequeathed upon me;

was a tireless ardor to holistically survive; sensuously fantasize beyond the realms of tantalizing paradise; as each puff of ravishing air entered into my famished nostrils,

The most priceless thing that my heart could ever have bequeathed upon me; was a thunderous obsession to chase the innermost voices lingering in my soul; indefatigably resonate in the beats of a majestically melodious existence,

And the most priceless thing that my beloved could ever have bequeathed upon me; was an unending ocean of immortal love; relentlessly teaching me to affably share and desire; relentlessly teaching me to be always helping humanity; and enthusiastically alive .

30. TILL DEATH DO US APART

Till death do us apart; we will intransigently continue to harmoniously sing together; deluge every cranny of the gloomily frustrated atmosphere; with ebulliently euphoric sounds,

Till death do us apart; we will indefatigably continue to tantalizingly dance together; resplendently trigger the voluptuousness of the exotic night; with untamed fireballs of augmenting compassion,

Till death do us apart; we will irrevocably continue to wholeheartedly laugh together; endeavoring our bestto ignite the smiles of priceless humanity; on every lecherous face inundated with remorsefully debilitating disease,

Till death do us apart; we will relentlessly continue to uninhibitedly philander together; blissfully frolicking in the aisles of rhapsodic desire and benign happiness; for centuries immemorial,

Till death do us apart; we will unitedly continue to coalesce all mankind together; try our ultimate best to melange all religions; caste; creed and tribe alike; in the sea of glittering humanity,

Till death do us apart; we will sensuously continue to fantasize together; fabulously wander in the lanes of bountifully bequeathing paradise; romancing with every

element of the fathomlessly majestic beauty around,

Till death do us apart; we will immutably continue to discover together; evolving a fantastically new township of vivacious grace and incredulously astounding intrigue; on every step that we holistically tread,

Till death do us apart; we will irrefutably continue to bless together; bestowing an unfathomable whirlpool of philanthropic richness; upon every inexplicably

devastated counterpart of ours; whom we encountered in our way,

Till death do us apart; we will ardently continue to cry together; unequivocally sharing our triumph as well as ghastly sorrows alike; profusely entrenched in bonds of magically Omnipotent empathy,

Till death do us apart; we will relentlessly continue to fight together; assimilating every iota of our surreptitiously entrapped courage and solidarity; to forever drive the ominous traitors; gorily decimating our sacrosanct motherland,

Till death do us apart; we will unsurpassably continue to paint together; delectably capturing the entire beauty of this boundless planet; in the vivacious kaleidoscope of our piquant eyes,

Till death do us apart; we will miraculously continue to procreate together; spawning gloriously immaculate offsprings of our very own crimson blood; contributing

our very best in continuing God's most holy chapter of blooming existence,

Till death do us apart; we will obsessively continue to learn together; celestially imbibing all the stupendously synergistic goodness that lingered bountifully in the atmosphere; and then disseminating its Omniscient essence to every household asphyxiated with gruesome darkness,

Till death do us apart; we will inexorably continue to fly together; exuberantly surge forward with the full fervor of life; to blossom the flower of our benevolently beautiful dreams; into a veritably sparkling reality,

Till death do us apart; we will indefatigably continue to march together; blend our innocuously righteous palms in the walls of unassailable solidarity; unflinchingly ready to tackle any diabolical devil; who dared stop us in our truthful way,

Till death do us apart; we will insatiably continue to err together; inadvertently ommit an unfathomable volley of mistakes; which would timelessly leave our

footprints on this earth as pure humans; every time it was given a chance to be born,

Till death do us apart; we will perennially continue to eat together; relishing the most gorgeously glorious fruits of Mother nature; cupped symbiotically in our palms and under the seductively milky moonlight,

Till death do us apart; we will perpetually continue to breathe together; surviving as a unconquerably single spirit; least bothered about what the acrimoniously tyrannical society; had to spuriously comment on our eternal relationship,

And till death do us apart; we will immortally continue to love together; impregnably bonding the beats of our passionately thundering hearts in flames of fulminating romance; drinking; eating; breathing; discovering; exploring and preaching; only the elixir of mankind; to ecstatically survive .

31. LOVED BY HER LOVE

My proudest desire; was to be relentlessly desired by her mystically voluptuous eyes; whether they stared lamely into exotic space; or whether they shut themselves into a boundlessly celestial reverie,

My proudest possession; was to be intransigently possessed by her seductively enamoring arms; the compassionate whirlpools of fragrant moisture; that tumultuously encapsulated the inside of her palms,

My proudest fantasy; was to be insatiably fantasized by her intriguingly spell binding brain; become an integral part of her every sensuously titillating dream,

My proudest philosophy; was to be ardently philosophized by her philanthropically benign countenance; as she disseminated every element of goodness in my impoverished soul; to the most fathomless corners of this enchanting earth,

My proudest voice; was to be indefatigably voiced by her melodiously blissful throat; become the poignant rudiments of every sound; that emanated from her rubicund tongue,

My proudest certificate; was to be irrefutably certified by her impeccably majestic grace; as she not only made me feel the opulently blessed organism alive; but marvelously vanquished even the most inadvertently committed sins; of my past life,

My proudest symbol; was to be unequivocally symbolized by her piquantly perpetual senses; as she tirelessly traced every disastrously trembling contour of my body; till infinite kilometers beyond the land of; bountifully everlasting paradise,

My proudest charm; was to be miraculously charmed by her Omnipotent presence; blend every element of my staggeringly debilitated persona; with her magnetically sacrosanct; religion of humanity,

My proudest aspiration; was to be irrevocably aspired by her seductively dancing footsteps; become every silken path on which she tread her; fabulously fervent

grace,

My proudest poetry; was to be unrelentingly poeticized by her ecstatically gushing tears of unprecedented happiness; become every landscape of fantastically

flowering beauty; which she magnificently sketched on the; gloriously barren canvas,

My proudest obsession; was to be overwhelmingly obsessed by every droplet of Omnisciently crimson blood that traversed like thunderbolts of white lightening through her veins; become everything that she caressed in the tenure of her; blissfully endowed lifetime,

My proudest purification; was to be sagaciously purified by her patriotically marching stride; as she conquered even the most diminutive speck of evil in the atmosphere; with the unfathomable river of empathy; in her mesmerizing conscience,

My proudest feeling; was to be incessantly felt by her harmoniously godly fingers; escalate to the most eternal clouds of steaming romance; as she magically spun the web of her untamed yearning; around every famished pore of my dreary silhouette,

My proudest perception; was to be timelessly perceived by the unsurpassable flames of belonging in her redolent chest; gyrate as the only angel of her life; in the immaculate whites of her eyes,

My proudest teaching; was to be prudently taught by her magnanimously righteous grace; become every ubiquitously priceless principle of mankind; that she diffused like a Goddess; to the remotest corner of this colossal planet,

My proudest light; was to be magnetically lighted by the lamp of her perennially augmenting ebullience; as she uncontrollably fulminated into cloudbursts of

sheer euphoria; at the tiniest of my caress,

My proudest reflection; was to be emphatically reflected in every glimmer that marvelously radiated from her flamboyantly bedazzling sweat; become every

line of destiny wonderfully besieging her Omnipresent hands,

My proudest breath; was to be impregnably breathed by her ardently blazing nostrils; become every iota of ravishing air which she inhaled; into the realms of her innocuously heaving chest,

My proudest love; was to be immortally loved by her unassailably charismatic heart; perpetually live and die; with its handsomely palpitating beats; alike .

32. LOVE HAD NEVER SEEMED SO IMMORTAL

Food had never seemed better than it did today; when I was profusely famished to the last core of my bedraggled intestines; frantically dithering in dungeons of bizarre starvation,

The valley had never seemed so mesmerizing than it did today; when I found every cranny of my devastatingly monotonous countenance; wholeheartedly breaking free;

from chains of tyrannical deprivation,

Sleep had never seemed so grandiloquent than it did today; when I was indefatigably exhausted to the last bone of my treacherously withering spine; and every beleaguered bone of my body; intransigently refused to go even a step further,

Poetry had never seemed so sparkling than it did today; when I uninhibitedly unveiled the disastrously manipulative arenas of my commercially stringent brain; into a fathomless world of fantasy and tantalizingly never-ending desire,

Fur had never seemed so compassionate than it did today; when I uncontrollably trembled in the desolate chill; with nothing but ungainly solitariness; camouflaging me insidiously from all sides,

Roses had never seemed so exotic than they did today; when I pathetically staggered on every step I alighted; insurmountably asphyxiated by the winds of bizarre bloodshed and satanically vicious lechery,

Tears had never seemed so heartwarming than they did today; when I witnessed my long lost mate in robustly blissful form and resplendently bouncing; after centuries immemorial,

Artistry had never seemed so exquisite than it did today; when I frolicked in the garden of voluptuous enchantment; far away and wholesomely oblivious to the

parasitic vagaries; of this blood sucking planet,

The ocean had never seemed so reinvigorating than it did today; when I voraciously blended each pore of my disdainfully squalid body with the tangy waves; after

almost a decade of rotting in the viciously dilapidated gutters,

Speed had never seemed so exhilarating than it did today; when I reached the dwelling of my perniciously extinguishing kin; just flash seconds before they

could bid a royal adieu; to the overwhelming mysticism of this perpetual earth,

Light had never seemed so Omnipotent than it did today; when I despondently transgressed through a tunnel of gruesome blackness; with the lids of my eyes

savagely sealed by chains of dolorous prejudice,

The pen had never seemed so priceless than it did today; when I churned an unfathomable epic of poignant emotions with its embellished nib; candidly baring out

the inner most recesses of my aimlessly loitering soul,

Smiles had never seemed so gratifying than they did today; when I felt gorily constipated in a web of blatantly hideous lies; burying my face deep down in

dust; to chat with the remorsefully diminutive worms in black soil,

Rainbows had never seemed so vivacious than they did today; when I venomously stagnated in the aisles of insatiably penalizing depression; counting the last days of my life even in the absolute prime of; scintillating nubile youth,

Whistles had never seemed so replenishing than they did today; when I frenziedly groped for the right direction; wholesomely lost amidst the terrorizing maze of; stoically impersonal space age robots,

Mirrors had never seemed so congenial than they did today; when I ardently waited for an invincibly philanthropic friend to lean upon; amusing my impoverished senses with my very own minuscule reflection; for infinite more births of mine yet to

come,

Butterflies had never seemed so frolicking than they did today; when I lay penuriously maimed in corridors of devilishly lambasting hell; irrevocably entrenched by a wall of invidious nothingness,

Breath had never seemed so Omnipotent than it did today; when I was miserably slithering on the ground without the most infinitesimal trace of heavenly air;

about to completely abnegate my senses forever; to disappear into non-existent wisps of tragic oblivion,

And love had never seemed so immortal than it did today; when my heart was tumultuously throbbing for the girl whom I had perennially desired; the soul mate

for which each beat intensely flaming in my chest; could die this very instant for .

33. PAINT MY HEART

Paint the fathomless kaleidoscope of barren sky; with resplendently ingratiating and vivid clouds,

Paint boundless kilometers of devastated land; with effulgent roses and bountifully blossoming seeds,

Paint countless expanses of lackadaisically dying deserts; with majestic oceans of gigantic cactus and insatiably passionate streams of golden water,

Paint pathetically withering and staggeringly leafless trees; with an unfathomable forest of sparkling fruit and melodiously exuberant cheer,

Paint uncouthly wastrel and brutally kicked stones; with enamoring charisma; and voluptuously tingling exoticism,

Paint acrimoniously ghastly and bloodsucking battlefields; with the miraculously philanthropic ointment of benign humanity,

Paint devastatingly orphaned and penuriously stumbling lives; with perennially unsurpassable blankets of compassionate love,

Paint ungainly devilish and insanely cold blooded parasites; with an eternally everlasting fragrance of benevolent mankind,

Paint the insidiously maverick and doggedly diabolical rocks; with ecstatically tangy spray of the ravishing sea's,

Paint the squeamishly distorted and deplorably cowardish traitors; with brazenly intrepid winds of patriotically scintillating bravery,

Paint the obsoletely dilapidated and turgidly monotonous walls; with vivacious streaks of fabulous color and overwhelmingly sporting frolic,

Paint the rambunctiously unruly well of stinking frogs; with the curtainspread of blissfully tranquil peace and harmonious synergy,

Paint the souls of all those tyrannically commercial; with symbiotic fountains of uninhibitedly gratifying relationships,

Paint pugnacious arrows of satanically evil; with irrefutably priceless elements of honesty andastoundingly opulent humanity,

Paint the morbidly sullen and remorsefully obnoxious cradle of atmosphere; with an unimaginably Herculeanvalley of tantalizing sounds,

Paint truculently dictatorial and stringently treacherous brains; with passionately romantic flames of graciously seductive fantasy,

Paint the inevitably guilty and ghastily lying walls of the conscience; with the perpetually blistering fabric of sagaciously glittering truth,

Paint insurmountably vast graveyards of sordidly dead; with poignantly iridescent waterfalls of vibrantlytingling life,

And paint my fanatically wandering and relentlessly restless heart O! Almighty Lord; with the divinely immortal and the most celestial religion existing in this world; called UNASSAILABLE LOVE .

34. IMMORTALY RULED

Fathomless carpets of voluptuous forests; might be ruled by the royally roaring lions,

But it was her ingratiatingly seductive cocoon of compassionate smiles; that irrefutably and immortally ruled; every iota of my scorchingly parched lips .

Boundless winds of vividly free space; might be ruled by the blazingly uninhibited eagles,

But it was her voluptuously tantalizing aroma; that invincibly and immortally ruled; every cranny of my frigidly dithering senses .

Astronomically towering summits of the mountains; might be ruled by fantastically sweltering and golden sunlight,

But it was her impeccably everlasting shine; that unassailably and immortally ruled; my drearily beleaguered and sagging eyes .

Unfathomable expanses of the ravishingly salty oceans; might be ruled by handsomely gargantuan; and scintillatingly silver striped sharks,

But it was her perennial river of enchanting fantasy; that tangily and immortally ruled; every space of my maniacally deprived brain .

Countless kilometers of blistering desert mud; might be ruled by the indefatigably stout and adorably humble hunch backed camel,

But it was her astounding kaleidoscope of spell binding newness; that endlessly and immortally ruled; every path of my indolently painstaking existence .

Immeasurably colossal sheets of immaculately white canvas; might be ruled by the rhetorically dexterous artist,

But it was her intricately divine fingers; that timelessly and immortally ruled; every part of my languidly stooping flesh .

Unsurpassable blankets of tingling darkness; might be ruled by the Omnisciently milky and mesmerizing moon,

But it was her melodiously enigmatic voice; that blissfully and immortally ruled; every dwindling wave of my impoverished soul .

Countless trajectories of civilizations and synergistic townships; might be ruled by the

righteously Godly fireball of unending truth,

But it was her impeccably Omnipotent conscience; that miraculously and immortally ruled; every element of my lugubriously lecherous survival .

Unimaginably ecstatic walls of paradise; might be ruled by seductively silken and stupendously exhilarating fairies,

But it was her vivaciously boisterous breath; that astoundingly and immortally ruled; every vein of my timidly extinguishing countenance .

And the entire Universe boundless and limitless; might be ruled by the grace of the Omnipresent Almighty Lord,

But it was her passionately everlasting love; that relentlessly and immortally ruled; every beat of my capriciously disappearing heart .

35. STILL THE RICHEST

Not a single cloth to camouflage my devastatingly tottering body; as I trespassed like a ghoulishly grotesque ghost; through the uncouthly chilly winds of vengefully freezing winter,

Not a single penny in my brutally bedraggled pockets; as I insanely loitered like a barbaric lunatic; through the lanes of overwhelmingly stinking poverty;

and depraving cowardice,

Not a single sound in my satanically rotting throat; as I groped like a parsimoniously dumb rat; through the painstakingly debilitated corridors; of dolorous

doom and deprivation,

Not a single hair to envelop my penuriously gleaming scalp; as I became an unsurpassable mountain of deplorable ridicule for the rich and rustically

impoverished; alternatively and alike,

Not a single shade to entrench my hopelessly deadened facial contours; as I pathetically stumbled on every step; into a dungeon of ghastly depression and

horrendous prejudice,

Not a single blush encompassing my haplessly beleaguered cheeks; as I frigidly slithered like colorlessly asphyxiated water; through the deserts of sweltering solitude,

Not a single jewel embellishing my capriciously dithering flesh; as I got inevitably spat upon; by even the most despicably nonchalant of pigs,

Not a single smile encapsulating my unfathomably cracked and sleazy lips; as I fulminated into an unending volley of remorseful tears; even in the most

vibrantly ecstatic moments of vivid life,

Not a single fantasy in my lecherously manipulative brain; as I parasitically sucked whatever I could lay my hands upon; to holistically survive,

Not a single line on my insidiously lackadaisical palms; as I maniacally groped without the slightest of direction; destiny and ambition; for centuries immemorial,

Not a single twinkle in my treacherously withering eyes; as I invidiously sighted nothing but hideously commercial corruption; even in the most majestic land

of the handsomely divine,

Not a single muscle in my abominably delirious arms; as I got wholesomely pulverized by even the most minuscule ants; the instants that they nimbly brushed

by my disgustingly flailing side,

Not a single morsel of food in my tyrannically famished stomach; as I approached veritable extinction more vociferously by the unfurling minute; with a cloud of abhorrent darkness incorrigibly lingering around my bizarrely annihilated persona,

Not a single shadow emanating from my profusely penalized countenance; as I aimlessly wandered without an entity of my own; through the lanes of murderously

crippling doom,

Not a single cheer in my severely deprived demeanor; as I embraced the walls of lugubrious nonchalance; to be worthlessly squelched to piles of inconspicuous

ash; on every path that I tread,

Not a single fortification in my savagely strangulated senses; as I disappeared into wisps of non-existent oblivion; at the tiniest puff of air that wafted; from the irascibly pertinent mosquitoes mouth,

Not a single enchantment in my devilishly maimed veins; as I blended with threadbare granules of insipid dust on the baseless streets; devouring

obdurately dreary stones hurled at me by the entire planet; and from every possible side,

Not a single breath in my sullenly constipated nostrils; as I relinquished even the most infinitesimal desire to survive; even as I was in the pristine prime of everlasting youth,

But still the most richest man on this Universe; as I had her pricelessly invincible heartbeats; the immortal river of her Godly love; perpetually imprisoned in the inner most arenas of my chest; fulminating like a princess unassailable; and forever

mine .

36. FLAMES OF MIRACULOUS LOVE

Her unsurpassable voice; was as tangy as the melodiously swaying oranges; drifting every element of my devastatingly sagging countenance; towards a world of fantastically spell binding enchantment,

Her timeless shadow; was as ravishing as a voluptuously seductive cistern of mesmerizing fern; inundating each cranny of my slitheringly monotonous

soul; with unparalleled exuberance to gustily surge forward in vivacious life,

Her intricate eyelashes; were as silken as the enigmatically swirling clouds in resplendent cosmos; fanatically propelling me to chase the entrenchment of

beauty and inexorable charisma; for times immemorial,

Her fiery nostrils; were as piquant as boundless farms of ingratiatingly poignant chili; insatiably triggering me to intrepidly leap into the valley of ebullient adventure; be the untamed warrior of philanthropic patriotism; whenever the dungeon of diabolical lechery took its debilitating toll,

Her marvelous eyes; were as impeccable as waterfalls of innocuously cascading cotton from the heart of the fathomless skies; nostalgically instilling in me the unprecedented euphoria; to be that untainted infant once again,

Her incomprehensible odor; was as redolent as the tantalizingly crimson rose; profusely titillating me into a paradise of blissfully blossoming and perpetually gratifying prosperity,

Her nimble toes; were as vibrant as the astoundingly iridescent rainbows; filtering beams of optimistic hope; in my existence plagued with horrifically despairing and inexplicably hopeless gloom,

Her pristine lips; were as incredulously rubicund as the blooming apples; splashing every arena of my impoverished existence; with an unfathomable kaleidoscope of color and fabulously eternal charm,

Her magnificent fingers; were as scintillating as the flamboyantly ferocious fingers; incinerating fireballs of everlasting passion; even in the heart of my every

insidiously deadened night,

Her golden perspiration; was as enchanting as gloriously celestial honey; enshrouding each pore of my overwhelmingly bedraggled demeanor; with the lantern of jubilantly melodious happiness,

Her bedazzling stride; was as heavenly as the boisterously rhyming sparrows; engendering me to forever march ahead in my times of immeasurable

ecstasy; and dolorous doom; alike,

Her intriguing memory; was as fantastically charming as the milky moon; inexorably transpiring me to irrefutably remember; the most benevolently divine

contributions; of my revered ancestors,

Her delectable belly; was as mystically rejoicing as the poignantly undulating oceans; igniting thunderbolts of flirtatious lightening in every ingredient of my bones besieged with; morbidly despicable sadness,

Her magical hair; were as ravishingly delightful as satiny angels frolicking in walls of invincible heaven; perpetuating me to perennially philander in the most grandiloquent palaces; fortified with the religions of ubiquitous humanity and tenacious solidarity,

Her twinkling palms; were as magnanimous as the blessedly torrential showers of majestic rain; irrefutably teaching me the art of disseminating the art of ever-pervading mankind; to even the most infinitesimally remote parts of this astoundingly

fragrant Universe,

Her wonderful cheeks; were as joyous as the virgin shores of shimmering righteousness; indefatigably telling me to solely follow; nothing else but only the

inner most fulminations of my passionate heart,

Her Godly neck; was as priceless as those droplets of water amidst the acerbically sweltering desert sands; unequivocally encouraging me to wholesomely become;

the sounds of those tyrannically deprived,

Her tumultuous breath; was as compassionate as the royally roaring lions of steaming romance; embracing every iota of my disastrously trembling visage; with the tornados of an unassailably vivid existence,

And her passionate heart; was as immortal as the countless pathways of Omnisciently bequeathing heavens; not only reinvigorating every space of my persona with the unconquerable fortitude to lead life; but bonding me forever and ever and ever; in the

flames of miraculous love .

37. DIVORCE

There was a time when you welcomed me with untamed passion in your eyes into our redolent dwelling; magically applying the ointment of your stupendously ingratiating melody on my; disastrously frazzled forehead,

While today there was belligerent viciousness in your eyes as you sighted me; ominously kicking me like strands of orphaned broomstick; into the mountain of

baseless shit outside the kitchen window .

There was a time when you incessantly chanted my name; all brilliantly Sunlit day and even more euphorically in the heart of satanic midnight; ardently waiting for me to transit into a celestial reverie before you dared to shut your eyes the slightest,

While today you ruthlessly ripped apart every cherished possession of mine; left me to devastatingly wander on the uncouth streets; without even a single cloth on my impoverished body .

There was a time when you tirelessly fantasized about the contours of my fanatic persona in despicably solitary gloom; and even the center of the boisterously bustling and overwhelmingly rambunctious marketplace; alike,

While today you contemptuously spat on every trace of my fading reflection; compassionately philandering with another man; right in front of my poignantly

staring eyes .

There was a time when you intransigently embraced me with insatiable fire wafting from each of your voluptuous senses; following me like an incorrigible shadow; in my moments of jubilation and inexplicable distress; alike,

While today you brutally excoriated every cranny of my flesh with your swords of pugnacious malice; roasting them to wholehearted satisfaction; before you

sumptuously fed them to stray cats and dogs; alike .

There was a time when you immutably stared in the whites of my piquant eyes; mystically flirting and romancing with my drooping eyelashes; till times beyond eternity,

While today you vindictively hurled me like a speck of frigid thread from the unfathomably towering mountaintop; pursing your lips profusely in supreme

satisfaction; as my caricature disintegrated into a billion fragments; before eventually become an integral ingredient of the diabolical rocks .

There was a time when you unflinchingly supported me in the course of every acrimonious impediment that I bizarrely confronted; hugging invincibly to my nimble

demeanor like a child entwined tightly; to its mother's bosom,

While today I was the most debilitating parasite for you in your blessed life; as you hired dexterous gunmen from all over the planet; to lethally squelch me into my inconspicuous grave .

There was a time when you conceived me as the most beautiful organism on this entire Universe; profoundly enthused by even the most rustically bohemian gestures

that were an intrinsic part of my every footstep,

While today you overwhelmingly admired even the most satanically lecherous man on the street; commanding me to scrupulously extricate every iota of abominable

grime; from his devilish shoes .

There was a time when you fervently waited for countless hours on the trot; just to hear even an ephemeral trace of my wavering voice; bouncing in unprecedented ecstasy; as I staggeringly stepped back from yet another heinous day in the monotonous office,

While today you dictatorially used each part of my shivering flesh to scrub the floors of your ostentatious castle; savagely dumping me into the garbage bin; before you slapped the lid with chains of unsurpassable prejudice .

There was a time when your every expedition was incomplete without me; as you royally frolicked on my shoulders; as I weaved us gloriously through the

resplendently enamoring forests,

While today you maliciously left me unguarded amidst the battalion of bellicose sharks; almost chortledevery organ of your body out; as the monsters thanked

you for receiving the best prey of their insidious life .

And there was a time when you were just freshly MARRIED to me; bonding your heart; soul and body in flames of immortal love; pledging to take birth again

with my impoverished grace; everytime the planet salvaged a chance to be born; once again,

While today you snobbishly paraded through the grandiloquent palaces of the uxorious King; ordering his guards to bury even the last of my veins alive; as

you invidiously yelled the dreaded word DIVORCE .

38. EACH BEAT OF MY HEART

Each part of my disastrously dithering fingers; lived solely for your magical palms; ardently anticipating those cherished moments; when you clasped me in your divinely warmth,

Each pore of my devastatingly impoverished skin; lived solely for your compassionately pristine sweat; relentlessly wanting to blend with your scent of

timeless perseverance; for centuries unfathomable,

Each follicle of my ludicrously sagging eyelashes; lived solely for your marvelously exhilarating flirtation; relishing fathomless moments of rhapsodic jubilation; profusely enthused by the majestic leap in your charismatic stride,

Each tinge on my pathetically imprisoned lips; lived solely for your bountifully celestial smiles; indefatigably floating in a magical entrenchment of your voluptuously eluding senses,

Each cranny of my bizarrely dwindling toes; lived solely for your gloriously heavenly footprints; ardently dreaming all day and sensuously starry night; of kissing the paths your most philanthropically tread,

Each tear of my gruesomely blinded eyes; lived solely for your blissfully poignant and benevolent soul; eternally wanting to sight your reflection in the tenure of my destined life; and even till countless births after my veritable death,

Each reverberation of my dolorously dangling ears; solely lived for your unsurpassable ocean of resplendently twinkling sounds; piquantly deluging

every aspect of my manipulatively tyrannical existence; with unprecedented vibrancy and emphatic cheer,

Each ingredient of my viciously asphyxiated blood; solely lived for your irrefutably triumphant tenacity to unflinchingly face even the most acrimonious of obstacle in life; your spell binding spirit to unitedly survive embracing the religion of priceless

mankind,

Each shade of my despicably withering cheek; solely lived for your innocuously Godly kiss; which transited me into a paradise infinite kilometers higher than the

seductive clouds; triggering fireballs of untamed ebullience; all throughout my feeble persona,

Each chord of my ghastily cacophonic throat; solely lived for your immaculately gorgeous yawns; nostalgically catapulting me back into realms of impeccable childhood; when I bounced uninhibitedly and without the slightest of apprehension; in the sacrosanct lap of my mother,

Each element of my nervously fluttering shadow; solely lived for your marvelously imposing and tantalizing countenance; the irrevocably unending spell of ecstatic enchantment that you ravishingly diffused; every time you alighted your nimble foot,

Each curvature of my deplorably pulverized spine; solely lived for your irrefutably Omnipotent touch; wholesomely mitigating me of all my inexplicable sorrow; rendering me speechless in a world of everlasting newness and unbelievably swirling

happiness,

Each wrinkle on my treacherously crinkled skin; solely lived for your stupendously blossoming and piquantly iridescent freshness; as you unfurled into an infinite

colors of vivacious life; on every path that your enchantingly tread,

Each iota of my murderously depleted and dilapidated muscle; solely lived for your tireless tenacity to surge forward in titillating life; rhetorically maneuvering me from a dungeon of delinquently stagnant darkness into a civilization of eternally gratifying

light,

Each bone of my lecherously extinguishing body; solely lived for your unbelievably humanitarian cadence; your undaunted struggle to alleviate crippling suffering;

incessantly pioneer to uplift all those deprived; in the impregnable chapter of your life,

Each wave of my excruciatingly incarcerated soul; solely lived for your miraculously intrepid exultation to synergistically lead life; disseminate the essence of mankind to every dwelling besieged with agonizing pain; and gory darkness,

Each corridor of my manipulatively commercial conscience; solely lived for your irrevocably invincible ideals of truth and non-violence; the winds of ubiquitous solidarity on which you unassailably floated; every time the earth was born; once again,

Each puff of my staggeringly barbaric breath; solely lived for your melodiously tinkling vivacity; the fearless tranquility on your redolently untainted face; even when you were just about to relinquish your last bit of sagaciousness; and enter your horrific grave,

And each beat of my pathetically dying heart; solely lived for your immortally passionate love; the insatiable propensity in your unconquerable chest; that not only granted me a countless benign lives; but didn't let me die even after my death .

39. EVERY HEART DREAMT OF

Every kite; whether gigantic or diminutively short; incessantly dreamt of soaring through the blanket of mesmerizing clouds; melodiously embracing the

panoramic festoon of glorious paradise,

Every frog; whether monstrous or harmlessly tiny; irretrievably dreamt of swimming in the morbidly cloistered well; croaking to the fullest of its nimble heart's content; as torrential tumblers of water descended from the sky,

Every grass blade; whether lanky or pathetically withering; dreamt of being compassionately kissed by a blanket of unfathomably glistening dewdrops;

voraciously tingling it till times beyond realms of marvelous eternity; every majestic dawn,

Every lion; whether gargantuan or minuscule cub; relentlessly dreamt of sucking satanic rivers ofcrimson blood; surreptitiously hoisting the impeccable infant; to profusely titillate its taste buds; at the crack of sinister midnight,

Every butterfly; whether huge or infinitesimally babyish; dreamt of mischievously flirting in magically Omnipotent beams of poignant sunshine; disseminating a

wave of unparalleled jubilation in every puff of wind; that it exuberantly caressed,

Every wave; whether mammoth or ludicrously infantile; tirelessly dreamt of passionately smooching the silver streaked shores; culminating into rhapsodically froth; after handsomely blending with the vibrant sands,

Every mosquito; whether big or irascibly inconspicuous; indefatigably dreamt of hovering around the silken angel's eardrum; ominously stabbing its pernicious hood in robust skin; salvaging even the tiniest of opportunity when the master fell

transiently asleep,

Every leaf; whether colossal or miserably parsimonious; intransigently dreamt of swinging in ebullient draughts of vivacious breeze; royally experiencing the ravishing winds piquantly tickle its pristinely barren periphery,

Every army; whether Herculean or meagerly paltry; immutably dreamt of kicking the viciously diabolical traitors forever from its sacred motherland; patriotically sacrificing its life for its soil; to be immortally crowned as valiant martyrs,

Every magician; whether towering or frigidly gawky; inexorably dreamt of enthralling his audience with an endless flurry of spellbinding tricks; solely diffusing simply insatiably inimitable artistry from his dexterously gifted fingers,

Every egg; whether colossal or sullenly cramped; dreamt of beautifully evolving into a magnificently scintillating fledgling; being the darling of all race and tribes; with its innocuously blissful mannerisms,

Every snake; whether long or ludicrously tiny; dreamt of savagely slithering its way through the cradle of shimmering innocence; stealthily devouring new born

offsprings; lethally swishing its abominably poisonous hood,

Every writer; whether imposing or rustically bohemian; marvelously dreamt of diffusing the impregnable essence of his cherished words to the most fathomless

corner of this Universe; be recognized by every color; religion and age; alike,

Every eyeball; whether expanded or despicably half shut; unendingly dreamt of witnessing exotically resplendent beauty; assimilating the unsurpassable multitude of eclectic flavors; wandering celestially upon the trajectory of this boundless planet,

Every mountain; whether domineering or obsoletely extinct; continuously dreamt of basking in the full and profoundly untamed glory of the flamboyant Sun; enjoying the ferociously sizzling rays full throttle; before they eventually reached the lackluster earth,

Every cuckoo; whether towering or timidly petite; eternally dreamt of inundating every particle of the gloomily desolate atmosphere with its fragrantly blooming tunes; ecstatically enshroud the air with supreme enlightenment; as vespered beams of light

crept from the east,

Every cloud; whether enormous or ridiculously insignificant; timelessly dreamt of fulminating into tumultuous blankets of golden rain; deluging every single cranny of dreadfully sweltering soil; with the unbelievably soothing magic of heavenly liquid,

Every demon; whether massive or incongruously muddled; insurmountably dreamt of parasitically annihilating holistically harmonious living race; placating his treacherous gluttony with honest fountains of; unerring blood,

Every soul; whether impregnable or lackadaisically wandering; irrefutably dreamt of tracing back its fascinating roots; having a blessed glimpse into the space; from where it mystically emanated,

And every heart; whether young or miserably old; invincibly dreamt of finding the most immortal love its life; engendering it to survive as the richest entity alive; triggering it to spawn a civilization of astoundingly optimistic light in the absolute center of death and malicious demise .

40. IMMORTALLY AFRAID

I wasn't afraid of inexplicably gloomy darkness; as I unflinchingly embraced it with the profuse enlightenment to fanatically exist; lingering impregnably in my eyes,

I wasn't afraid of diabolically satanic thorns; as I tread over them without batting a single eyelid; with an overwhelming yearning to survive exuberantly encapsulating each of impoverished senses,

I wasn't afraid of morbidly remorseful solitude; as I blazingly confronted each acrimonious obstacle that dared trespass me in my way; with a wave of unrelenting optimism; encompassing me like an invincible fortress from all sides,

I wasn't afraid of treacherously devastating destiny; as I wholeheartedly accepted the winds of tyrannical doom in my ebulliently gallant stride; kissed the heavens of robust life with an unsurpassable ardor to exist turbulently fulminating; in each iota of my

blood,

I wasn't afraid of treacherously blood soaked roads; as I coined a path of benign righteousness on every lane that I tread; with an ocean of unfathomable

majesty descending enthrallingly; over single of my enthusiastic bone,

I wasn't afraid of morbidly forlorn boredom; as I enamoringly embraced the curtainspread of vivacious freedom even in my times of malicious prejudice; to

triumphantly pioneer a holistic new chapter of fulfilling life,

I wasn't afraid of manipulatively distorted ugliness; as I sculptured immaculately benevolent townships with the blessings of the grandiloquently Omnipotent Lord;

astoundingly unfurling into a fascinating kaleidoscope of heavenly color; in timeless life,

I wasn't afraid of horrendously despicable crippling; as I formidably stored a platform of irrefutable truth for centuries immemorial; ecstatically rejoicing and

replenishing in the full spirit of; graciously bequeathing life,

I wasn't afraid of parasitically satanic demons sucking blood; as I dexterously dispersed them singlehandedly from mammoth crowds of innocuous peace;

flamboyantly marching ahead; with the incomprehensible ardor of existence,

I wasn't afraid of disastrously freezing and cold blooded avalanches; as I profoundly engrossed my mind; body and spirit in unprecedented clouds of meditation; enveloping each ingredient of my crimson blood with untamed glory; and spell binding fascination,

I wasn't afraid of devastatingly scorching heat; as I magnificently pacified each of my tumultuously withering nerves; with the blissful melody of gorgeously captivating existence,

I wasn't afraid of hideously snobbish and ulterior malice; as I celestially blossomed into unfathomable newness on every rhapsodic hill that I trespassed through; voluptuously caressing every mesmerizing ingredient of fathomless beauty; philandering on this gregarious planet,

I wasn't afraid lecherously savage corruption; as I incorrigibly traversed on the path of harmonious solidarity; existing in divine synergy with the waterfall of euphoric love,

I wasn't afraid of heinously penalizing beasts; as I endeavored my best to maneuver them back on the road to symbiotic intermingling; with an unsurpassable fervor to clamber to the epitome of philanthropically scintillating success; transpiring me ahead; in charismatic life,

I wasn't afraid of gloomily wavering undulations; as I intransigently adhered to all the simplistically redolent philosophies of godly existence; solely and profoundly listening to the inner most voices of my heart,

I wasn't afraid of brutally despairing blindness; as I brilliantly culminated into a tornado of stupendous energy and royalty; wholesomely clinging to the invincible tree; of piquantly vibrant life,

I wasn't afraid of deplorably horrific poverty; as I supremely placated each vein and reflection of mine with the perennially everlasting fruits of magical nature; sleeping under the blanket of bountifully bestowing life,

I wasn't even afraid of rampantly slipping and gruesomely massacring breath; as I was inevitably prepared to face even the most lecherous tryst with gory death; only to perpetually rest in wonderfully Omniscient entrenchment of Almighty God; for times

immemorial,

But I was immortally afraid of losing her majestically silken grace; of losing her impeccably timeless voice; as I would incessantly chant; experience; explore and

blend with bloody death every unveiling minute without her; although I was in the prime of pristine youth; and had countless more years of sparkling life .

41. LIGHTING THE LANTERN OF MY LOVE

I might have miserably floundered to metamorphose wild roots of bohemian tree; into the astronomical summits of the flamboyantly scintillating mountain,

I might have ludicrously stumbled in my attempts to; scrupulously blend every iota of fathomless sky; with inevitably priceless granules of patriotic soil,

I might have made a pathetic mockery of myself; while incessantly endeavoring to convert the heinously treacherous crocodile; into a celestially fragrant saint,

I might have insanely dithered to illuminate the devastatingly ulterior interiors of the gutter; into a garden of bountifully fragrant and voluptuously everlasting rose,

But I still felt like the most blessed organism on this boundlessly gregarious Universe; as I had triggered the fire of my unassailable love in her impeccable eyes; perpetually bonding with her mind; body and philanthropic spirit; for fathomless more births yet to unveil .

I might have staggered like a grotesquely cacophonic clown; while inundating every granule of swelteringly acrimonious desert soil; with fountains of resplendent water,

I might have crumbled more ludicrously than a pack of insipid cards; as I indefatigably endeavored to quell the most diabolically perilous of hurricane; with the wavering harmony in my impoverished voice,

I might have relentlessly hung on the branches of sinister desolation; as I unflinchingly attempted to profoundly rejuvenate; graveyards deluged with a countless corpse,

I might have despicably sung the tunes of worthless nothingness; while irrevocably trying to mélange all religions across the mesmerizing Universe; into the unequivocal religion of humanity,

But I still felt like the most blessed organism on this endlessly ebullient Universe; as I had impregnably become every element of her marvelously enigmatic destiny; perpetually bonding with her mind; body and philanthropic spirit; for fathomless more births yet to unveil .

I might have tasted venomously inconspicuous dust; while leaping from the spacecraft bare chested; to frolic like an angel in the realms of unprecedented desire; after hitting the uncouthly obdurate ground,

I might have been pulverized into indolent bits of infinitesimal tomato curry; while brazenly attempting to stop the satanic tornado of lechery; with the unsurpassable resilience lingering in my patriotic stride,

I might have horrendously torched all my fingers into savagely lambasted ash; as I tried to enamoringly sketch the most gorgeously charismatic forms on this planet; on barren landscapes of crinkled paper,

I might have withered into a pool of invidiously ghastly blood; while benevolently trying my best; to revive profusely debilitated orphans; from their graves of bizarrely inexplicable prejudice,

But I still felt like the most blessed organism on this euphorically timeless Universe; as I could miraculously sight her Omnipotent countenance each time I opened my eyes and in deep sleep; alike; perpetually bonding with her mind; body and philanthropic spirit; for fathomless more births yet to unveil .

I might have intransigently failed in every examination of mine; being ruthlessly kicked like a frigidly disgruntled matchstick; on the lanes of remorsefully abhorrent malice,

I might have reduced to a droplet of diminutively indecipherable ice; as I explicitly tried to envisage the contours of magnanimously astounding beauty; in the entrenchment of glimmering mirrors; leaning by the ferocious fireside,

I might have obsoletely reconciled to live with the pertinently slithering worms; after being deplorably ostracized by all conventional norms and philosophies; of the murderously morbid society,

I might have crucified myself on nails of despondently rotting depression; ignominiously castigated and insidiously rebuked by all fraternities of mankind; as I tried to diffuse the waves of uninhibitedly synergistic freedom; in monotonously slaving tribes,

But I still felt like the most blessed organism on this Omnisciently exotic Universe; as I had eternally succeeded in lighting the lantern of my perennial love in the corridors of her immortal heart; perpetually bonding with her mind; body and philanthropic spirit; for fathomless more births yet to unveil .

42. THERE WAS SOMETHING

There was something in those insatiably poignant eyes of hers; which said that she tumultuously craved for my unrelenting stares,

There was something in those ardently passionate lips of hers; which said that she indefatigably longed for me to kiss her; till times beyond infinite infinity,

There was something in those ravishingly tantalizing hair of hers; which said that she fervently yearned for my everlasting caress; descending like a timeless angel in each of my wandering senses,

There was something in those seductively charismatic eyelashes of hers; which said that she unfathomably desired to be tickled by my groping fingers; triggering her entire countenance into fireballs of unrelenting delight,

There was something in those titillating shadows of hers; which said that she relentlessly desired to perennially coalesce with my romantic spirit; compassionately explore every cranny of my flesh; with the untamed tenacity of a freshly born child,

There was something in those marvelously piquant feet of hers; which said that she intransigently wanted me to indefatigably chase her till beyond the summits of

eternal eternity; irrefutably conquering every iota of her majestically magical aura,

There was something in those royal expressions of hers; which said that she incorrigibly aspired to unceasingly gyrate with me under resplendent rivers of

milky moonlight; sleep like an innocuously divine angel impregnably snuggling close to my chest; for centuries unprecedented,

There was something in those rhapsodic sounds of hers; which said that she unassailably longed for me to frenziedly feel each element of her jubilantly

ecstatic happiness; profoundly inviting me to bond with her; fathomlessly enamoring beauty,

There was something in those ingratiatingly titillating smiles of hers; which said that she invincibly wished for me to compassionately trace the outlines of her rosy lips; forever exist with her majestically Omnipotent aura; for countless more births yet to unfurl,

There was something in those princely cheeks of hers; which immutably cried for me to mischievously pinch them; nostalgically philander with her in meadows of

innocent childhood; for countless brilliant days and vibrantly ebullient nights,

There was something in those divinely ears of hers; which irrefutably sizzled for me to drift my melodiously captivating enigma into her heavenly nape; tingle even the most inconspicuous trace of her imagery; with the masculinity in my stride,

There was something in those exuberantly radiant teeth of hers; which incessantly burnt for me to profusely intertwine all my exhilaration and gloom with her fulminating soul; handsomely alike,

There was something in those enchantingly fabulous footsteps of hers; which said that she tirelessly waited for me to enter the door of her fervently trembling conscience; take complete and overwhelming control over each of her galloping thoughts,

There was something in those honeysuckle fingers of hers; which said that she insurmountably fantasized about interlocking her vivaciously intriguing destiny

with mine; perpetually transposing each rivulet of my crimson blood; with her ,marvelously scented veins,

There was something in those magnificently tangy birthmarks of hers; which said that she thunderously perceived me in an astounding kaleidoscope of fascinating forms; ardently stared ghastly death in its deplorable face; to savor just a single delicious

whisper from my throat,

There was something in those fulminating goose-bumps of hers; which said that she uncontrollably wanted me to celestially hug her for all sides; make her the

unequivocal queen of my brain and body; alike,

There was something in those glorious paintings of hers; which said that she impregnably conceived me as the only messiah of her priceless life; intrepidly

surging ahead with me; to unitedly exist for a countless more lifetimes,

There was something in those Godly breaths of hers; which said that she perennially wanted me to feel the wafts of Omnipotent air diffusing from her nostrils; timelessly survive nestling against the congenially joyous warmth of her pristine chest,

And there was something in those passionate heartbeats of hers; which said that she wanted me to immortally love her; forever listen to the innocuous cadence of

her countenance; forever follow her and make her solely mine .

43. FOR ME TO BE EVER POSSESSED

Bond your divinely hands so immortally with my disastrously impoverished fingers; that it wasincorrigibly impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other hands on this boundless Universe; for centuries immemorial,

Bond your magical feet so immortally with my rustically bohemian toes; that it was irrevocably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other feet on this fathomless Universe; for decades unfathomable,

Bond your heavenly eyes so immortally with my pathetically devastated lids; that it was intransigently impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other eyes on this tantalizing Universe; for times unsurpassable,

Bond your philanthropic smiles so immortally with my ludicrously morbid lips; that it was unbelievably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other smiles on this endless Universe; for limitless fortnights,

Bond your ingratiating melody so immortally with my devastatingly dithering throat; that it was immutably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other melody on this fascinating Universe; for countless more years to unveil,

Bond your tantalizing fantasies so immortally with my treacherously monotonous mind; that it was irrefutably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other

fantasy on this everlasting Universe; for relentless days and nights unprecedented,

Bond your ravishing tongue so immortally with my ridiculously cacophonic throat; that it was impregnably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other tongue on this timeless Universe; for infinite more births of mine,

Bond your rhapsodic hair so immortally with penuriously entangled scalp; that it was unconquerably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other hair on this majestic Universe; for incomprehensible more moments to tranquilly descend,

Bond your twinkling ears so immortally with my brutally punctured lobes; that it was intractably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other ear's on this flamboyant Universe; for as long as the earth existed,

Bond your uninhibited philanthropism so immortally with lecherously manipulative demeanor; that it was unassailably impossible for me to be ever possessed by

any other philanthropism on this mesmerizing Universe;for endless more moments to unfurl,

Bond your titillating shadow so immortally with my horrifically remorseful reflection; that it was unequivocally impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other shadow on this glorious Universe; for indefatigable more instants yet to be born,

Bond your seducing enigma so immortally with my indigently commercial countenance; that it was perennially impossible for me to be ever possessed by

any other enigma on this compassionate Universe; for unending more civilizations; yet to evolve,

Bond your voluptuous charisma so immortally with my miserably shivering and orphaned senses; that it was perpetually impossible for me to be ever possessed by

any other charisma on this panoramic Universe; for countless kilometers; even beyond my veritable grave,

Bond your benevolent philosophy so immortally with my despondently greedy visage; that it was eternally impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other

philosophy on this mystical Universe; for immeasurable days; even after I was blended with specks of dust,

Bond your unflinching strength so immortally with my insipidly sagging and languid bones; that it was doggedly impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other strength on this euphoric Universe; for even after; the sky had wholesomely blended with threadbare mud,

Bond your poignant blood so immortally with my heinously adulterated and decaying veins; that it was irreversibly impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other blood on this ecstatic Universe; for billions of kilometers; even after the Sun had set,

Bond your Omnipotent aura so immortally with my nonchalantly lackadaisical persona; that it was unimaginably impossible for me to be ever possessed by

any other aura on this spell binding Universe; for unthinkable more spaces; even beyond the land of infinite infinity,

Bond your Omnipresent breath so immortally with my morosely extinguishing existence; that it was inexorably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other breath on this blissful Universe; for unending more seconds; even after the clock had

completely ceased to tick,

And bond your passionate heart so immortally with my capriciously betraying beats; that it was indomitably impossible for me to be ever possessed by any other

heart on this marvelous Universe; for countless more heavens; even after I reached the island of hell .

44. THE ROOF OF IMMORTAL LOVE

The roof of celestially divine peace; irrefutably rested on the miraculous foundations of; bountifully symbiotic and coalesced harmony,

The roof of vivacious resplendence; irrefutably rested on the ebullient foundations of; an exuberantly intrepid and exploring survival,

The roof of perennially bestowing happiness; irrefutably rested on the charismatic foundations of; tranquilly blissful and serene contentment,

The roof of gloriously invincible triumph; irrefutably rested on the patriotic foundations of; unflinchingly unconquerable and perennial solidarity,

The roof of insatiably unprecedented thrill; irrefutably rested on the intriguing foundations of; magically tantalizing and voluptuous fantasy,

The roof of flamboyantly unstoppable glory; irrefutably rested on the benign foundations of; an unfathomably philanthropic and majestic soul,

The roof of mischievously blossoming youth; irrefutably rested on the winking foundations of; timelessly impeccable and ingratiating flirtation,

The roof of rhapsodically everlasting prosperity; irrefutably rested on the Omnipotent foundations of; impregnably handsome and unequivocal truth,

The roof of enchantingly silken beauty; irrefutably rested on pristine foundations of; a benevolently imparting and uninhibited countenance,

The roof of marvelously scintillating healing; irrefutably rested on the Omnipresent foundations of; stupendously fabulous and perpetual faith,

The roof of gorgeously dazzling success; irrefutably rested on the godly foundations of; the immaculately divine and sacrosanct mother,

The roof of astoundingly baffling enigma; irrefutably rested on the mystical foundations of; inscrutably titillating and seductive whispers,

The roof of insurmountably celestial captivation; irrefutably rested on the enamoring foundations of; unfathomably enthralling and fascinating melody,

The roof of royally undefeatable honest; irrefutably rested on the candid foundations of; the impeccably taintless and Omniscient conscience,

The roof of tantalizingly inevitable attraction; irrefutably rested on the ravishing foundations of; unsurpassably poignant and alluring seduction,

The roof of sagaciously prudent learning; irrefutably rested on the holistically pious foundations of; relentlessly dedicated and self purifying meditation,

The roof of incomprehensibly unending wealth; irrefutably rested on the Oligarchic foundations of; eternally infinite and resplendent romance,

The roof of inevitably euphoric survival; irrefutably rested on the fathomless foundations of; ecstatically cascading and compassionate breath,

And the roof of immortally spell binding love; irrefutably rested on the ubiquitous foundations of; passionately throbbing and priceless heart .

45. BLESSEDLY ALIVE

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet fathomless and unfathomably majestic; uncouthly scowled at me; disparagingly disapproving

the most celestial of my impeccable gestures,

If you smiled at me just an infinitesimal trifle; triggering untamed fireballs of optimistic desire; in my mind; body and devastatingly dithering spirit .

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet gregarious and resplendently bountiful; treacherously plotted against me; to vindictively

incarcerate me in; webs of diabolical depravation and manipulative malice,

If you just stood unflinchingly for a minute by my side in brilliantly flamboyant light as well as remorsefully ghastly darkness; transpiring me to metamorphose every wish of my impoverished heart; into an impregnably eternal reality .

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet boundless and stupendously magical; barbarically nailed me to my morbidly morose grave;

although I rhapsodically galloped forward; in the vibrantly pristine prime of life,

If you just caressed me tenderly on my forehead with your miraculously fragrant palms; propelling me to soar above the clouds of philanthropic fantasy for

times immemorial; take a countless more births amidst benign mankind; in this single lifetime of mine .

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet ravishing and intriguingly fathomless; didn't crown me with a single accolade; brutally

condemning and castigating me; for the most priceless piece of art that diffused from my poignant veins,

If you just said "Well Done" from your invincibly Omnipotent mouth; making me feel the most irrefutably opulent man alive; with all assimilated richness

lingering on this planet; blissfully descending over each of my disastrously despicable senses .

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet timeless and marvelously fabulous; ruthlessly kicked me to realms of deplorably nonchalant submission; relentlessly making me lick nothing but threadbare mountains of dirt; from rotting soil,

If you just gave me an inconspicuous iota of space in your divine lap; not only pacifying my tyrannized agony of a countless years; but perpetually ensuring

that I unequivocally mitigated the suffering; of all inexplicably shivering mankind .

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet boundless and ingratiatingly glorious; satanically spat on my debilitated countenance; worse

than a vulture excoriating apart its gruesomely stinking carrion,

If you bequeathed upon me the honor; of feeling just your single breath; which instantaneously transited me into an unconquerably euphoric slumber; making me

wholesomely oblivious to the unsurpassably sinister vagaries; of the commercial world outside .

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet infinite and voluptuously majestic; mercilessly stole all my incomprehensible ocean of

fantastic dreams; drowning me insidiously into a hurricane of despondently conventional rules and regulations,

If you just winked for an instant with your Omnisciently beautiful eyelids; ebulliently transiting me back into realms of impeccable childhood; when uninhibitedly philandered and frolicked; in the divinely warmth of my only goddess; who was my royal mother .

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet perpetual and grandiloquently everlasting; parasitically sucked the last iota of blood from my body; and then left me to die in a dungeon of menacing scorpions; while they rejoiced in

crimson wine and vixen; merrily outside,

If you kissed me just once with your Omnipresently sacred lips; which annihilated the very essence of obsolete sorrow and crippling misery; forever from the chapter of my painstakingly staggering life .

And I really wouldn't mind it the slightest even if the entire planet twinkling and ecstatically gigantic; hated and treated me worse than they could treat their

own shit; ominously pulverizing every innocuously benign deed of mine; with bizarre swords of heinous prejudice,

If you just gave me a single heartbeat of your immortally palpitating and enchantingly sacrosanct heart; blessing me with unassailable virtue of shedding my life tirelessly for my immaculately afflicted comrades; and yet towering tall from the ashes; as exuberantly bouncing; and BLESSEDLY ALIVE .

46. TANTALISING MY HEART

Tantalizing my impoverished eyes; was her ingratiatingly ravishing belly; as she swished like the ultimate seductress of ecstatic fantasy; through the glorious curtainspread of the pristine forests,

Tantalizing my diminutive lips; was her fabulously enamoring smile; as she majestically bequeathed upon her magical grace; upon every step that she royally

trespassed through,

Tantalizing my indigently bedraggled palms; was her sensuously titillating flesh; as she blossomed like an impeccable fairy; disseminating the essence of humanity on every particle of the rhapsodic atmosphere; that she tenderly caressed,

Tantalizing my rustically bohemian feet; were her unsurpassably delectable fingertips; as she weaved a trail of poignantly euphoric compassion; to magnificently metamorphose my treacherously beleaguered life,

Tantalizing my blearily exhausted eardrum; was her exotically spell binding voice; as she marvelously whispered the secrets of a charismatically enigmatic existence; at the crack of every seductively ethereal dawn,

Tantalizing my devastatingly dithering teeth; was her immaculately shimmering nape; as she swirled piquantly in a garden of unfathomably gregarious rose; surrendering herself in wholesome totatlity to the mists of unprecedented desire,

Tantalizing my uncouthly estranged tastebuds; was the captivating softness in her melodious touch; as she bounced exhilaratingly on the carpet of untamed yearning; for centuries incomprehensible,

Tantalizing my staggeringly famished veins; was her unassailable ardor to propel forward in life; patriotically march towards the corridors of irrefutable triumph; to spawn and sparkle a holistically vibrant tomorrow,

Tantalizing my painstakingly withering tongue; was her candidly explicit speech; as she divulged the innermost recesses of her heart; to bloom into a fountain of ubiquitous honesty and unequivocal humanity,

Tantalizing my pathetically shriveled spine; was her voluptuously sizzling reflection; as she spun the tale of our everlastingly mesmerizing romance; to blend with the paradise of bountiful glory in blue sky,

Tantalizing my ludicrously barren scalp; was the rhythmic cadence of her daintily plodding footsteps; as she frolicked like an impeccable angel behind the

inscrutably starlit gorges; with each of her flaming senses; profusely intertwined with mine,

Tantalizing my lecherously exhausted brain; was her relentless repertoire of tingling fantasies; as she vivaciously danced in a fathomless myriad of blissful forms; in every divinely dream of mine,

Tantalizing my ridiculously sagging shoulders; was her insatiable fervor to unflinchingly confront the most acrimonious of obstacles; tower tall as the fortress

of philanthropism for countless more births to fantastically unveil,

Tantalizing my worthlessly sinking destiny; was her benign disposition to embrace one and all alike in inexplicable misery; as she dedicated each instant of her immaculately heavenly life; to the service of dwindling mankind,

Tantalizing my cacophonically rickety legs; was her profound vigor to stand by the path of impregnable righteousness; as she chanted the miraculous mantras of a united existence; till the time she abnegated her last breath,

Tantalizing my despondently dejected conscience; was the invincibly truthful glow in the whites of her Omnipotent eyes; as she sacrificed herself to a billion bizarre deaths; just to wonderfully diffuse the priceless scent of goodness,

Tantalizing my worthlessly wandering soul; was her unconquerable imagery of timelessly coalesced brotherhood; as she harmoniously galloped forward with

her comrades in distress; bonded in threads of perennial solidarity,

Tantalizing my gloomily disappearing breath; was her unbelievable fortitude to excel in every benevolent sphere of life; as she blazed like an ebullient inferno of unstoppable newness; defying the baseless norms of the murderously conventional society,

And tantalizing my nonchalantly disgruntled heart; was her ocean of immortally celestial love; as she incarcerated me forever in the realms of her resplendent chest; taught me forever to love; love and boundlessly exist; only for the sacrosanct spirit of

holy love .

47. TRUE ROMANCE

True silence is when you; profusely concentrated for hours immemorial on the mystically lingering voice of your righteous conscience,

True adolescence is when you; start feeling that you were no longer that immaculate child frolicking once upon a time; in the sacrosanct lap of your mother,

True perseverance is when you; work unflinchingly under sweltering rays of the Sun; earn your bread at the cost of your blood; amidst a pack of hostile wolves,

True effervescence is when you; voraciously splash both your hands and feet in euphorically swirling and tangy ocean water,

True diligence is when you; remain committed to your mission; even after it was successfully completed,

True obeisance is when you; humbly bow down before the people you revere; wholesomely shrugging all your pompously inflated mountain of pretentions,

True penance is when you; feel really sorry from the inner most realms of the soul; are ready to do anything to rectify your horrifically treacherous sins,

True benevolence is when you; philanthropically donate to your fellow compatriots in inexplicable pain; even you are shivering on the tenterhooks of abrupt extinction,

True disturbance is when you; keep murmuring something irascibly pertinent under your breath; while the other person is trying to profoundly emphasize upon his

point of view,

True pretence is when you; act like an irrefutably unconquerable king; even when you didn't posses the capacity to hear your own voice,

True reverence is when you; insurmountably cherish the memories of your beloved; even countless centuries after their death,

True cadence is when you; rhythmically measure every beat you sing; to the most astronomical degree of perfection with the melodious wind,

True malevolence is when you; hate a person to the most unprecedented limits; even in your ethereally fading nocturnal dreams,

True vengeance is when you; take infinite births to take revenge from the person who traumatized you; if at all this birth proved futile,

True fragrance is when you; profusely smelt the exotically blossoming lotus; let its redolence altruistically diffuse in every corner of this Universe,

True prudence is when you; contemplated to the fullest capacity of your ingeniously god gifted mind; were able to perceive beyond the most fathomless of times,

True renaissance is when you; intrepidly motivated your entire country to rise against the lecherously evil; annihilate even the most tiniest trace of heinous evil from the belly of mother earth,

True distance is when you; inevitably cant bond with the love of your life; even when you lived just whisker lengths of breath away,

True existence is when you; lead each day of unveiling life to its absolute fullest; instilled the same wave of palpably exuberant life in each of your fellow human beings,

And true romance is when you; could do anything for the person whom you loved on this planet; stand beside her even when she was about to enter her grace and you

still had countless more births destined of precious life .

48. I PREFERRED TO CALL

I preferred to call smoke; ONLY SMOKE; as it was disdainfully dirty and horrendously polluted the serene carpets of atmosphere,

I preferred to call the stone ONLY STONE; as it was bereft of the slightest of empathy; stared in morbid silence for hours immemorial towards the blanket of

stars,

I preferred to call the pig ONLY PIG; as it prolifically disseminated and perpetuated filth in every mesmerizing path it transgressed,

I preferred to call the knife ONLY KNIFE; as it harbored the virtue of indiscriminate blood; ghastily ripped through innocent flesh at diabolical will,

I preferred to call a chunk of obnoxious sewage ONLY SEWAGE; as it punctuated the rhapsodic air with an unfathomably repulsive perfume,

I preferred to call a tornado ONLY TORNADO; as it mercilessly annihilated the most minuscule trace of life existing on this planet,

I preferred to call an earthquake ONLY EARTHQUAKE; as it gobbled up immaculate entities in the swirl of its viciously reverberating tremors,

I preferred to call an avalanche ONLY AVALANCHE; as it impregnated an inexplicable wave of deathly chill in all those tangible scattered around; treacherously

engulfed heavenly children in cloudbursts of satanic snow,

I preferred to call the thorn ONLY THORN; as it invidiously pierced unsuspecting skin; propelled a flurry of hysterical tears to dribble down the cheeks,

I preferred to call the footprint ONLY FOOTPRINT; as it triggered in me an inexorable nostalgia for the past; faded into obsolete wisps of nothingness with

the tiniest draught of wind,

I preferred to call the frown ONLY FROWN; as it embodied a cloud of pathetic gloom in blissful entities seated around; dreadfully disrupted the harmony of God's divinely creation,

I preferred to call vulture ONLY VULTURE; as it insidiously plucked the flesh of my revered compatriots who had celestially relinquished breath to depart for their heavenly abode,

I preferred to call the dustbin ONLY DUSTBIN; as it profusely fostered overwhelmingly crumpled fragments; which decimated traces of exuberant energy,

I preferred to call the dungeon ONLY DUNGEON; as it ruthlessly abdicated all forms of vivaciously blistering sunlight; rotting in perennial darkness; bringing euphoric man closer to his grave,

I preferred to call bombastic slang ONLY SLANG; as it hideously overpowered the rustically holistic rudiments of an individual; made him wholesomely oblivious to even the place where he was born,

I preferred to call poison ONLY POISON; as it snapped the fangs of precious existence; with its lethally abominable venom,

I preferred to call the devil ONLY DEVIL; as he dared the audacity to raise his savagely senseless head in front of my Omnipresent Creator,

But I preferred to call my Mother; as Mom; Mamma; Mummy; Mommy; Ma and an infinite other names from the repertoire of God; as she was the entity who had given

me birth to witness and relish this fabulous world,

And I preferred to call my Beloved; as sweetheart; darling; revered wife; dreamgirl; poetry; and an infinite other names in the treasury of Almighty Lord; as she was the very reason that I was breathing life this very moment; infact would continue to live even if the planet failed to be born again.

49. BRINGING A SMILE ON YOUR FACE

The doctor brought a smile on your face; by his flurry of boisterously potent medicines,

The magician brought a smile on your face; by his fathomless myriad of stupendously enchanting tricks,

The clouds brought a smile on your face; by showering upon your impeccable persona; with glistening globules of euphoric rain,

The farmer brought a smile on your face; by sharing with you a festoon of majestically sparkling rubicund fruit,

The grandiloquent pen brought a smile on your face; by embossing boundless lines of exquisite calligraphy on sheets of your treacherously barren exam paper,

The birds brought a smile on your face; by soaring vivaciously amidst exuberantly blue bits of silver sky,

The waves brought a smile on your face; by dissipating into a cloudburst of poignantly tangy forth; clashing against the chain of cold blooded rocks in

overwhelmingly rhapsodic frenzy,

The Sun brought a smile on your face; by playing hide and seek with your immaculately fluttering eyelashes; striking your innocuous eyeballs with its marvelously dazzling light,

The nightingale brought a smile on your face; by its ingratiatingly captivating voice; filtering a path of irrefutable melody in the vicinity of your intricate ears,

The pilot brought a smile on your face; by transporting you through the blissfully ecstatic clouds; with profusely pearly rays of the moon now at whisker lengths from your countenance,

The cow brought a smile on your face; by impregnating your demeanor with astronomical spurts of invincible fortification,

The lotus brought a smile on your face; by dissipating its incredulously rejuvenating fragrance to every corner of your thoroughly flabbergasted bones,

The watchman brought a smile to your face; by guarding you like an unconquerable fortress; while you snored in the realms of mesmerizing fantasy all night,

The bee brought a smile to your face; by inundating your palms with unfathomably gorgeous streams of ebullient honey,

The horse brought a smile to your face; by embarking you upon your exhilarating expedition; of the supremely verdant and enigmatic countryside,

The appetizing morsels of steaming broth brought a smile on your face; by wholesomely placating pangs of hunger fulminating more abnormally than the volcano; every second in your stomach,

The pair of voluptuously seductive lips brought a smile on your face; by igniting infernos of insatiable desire in your body; as they brushed across your chest,

The mother brought a smile on your face; by giving you birth and the tenacity to unflinchingly confront the most diabolical aspect of tyrannical existence,

The Almighty Lord brought a smile on your face; by granting you a right to celestially survive as one of his infinite molecules,

And the Beloved brought a smile on your face; by her irrefutably sacred virtue of immortal love; that kept you always smiling for countless more births even after your death .

50. DON'T TALK TO TWO LOVERS

Don't talk to the boundlessly barren bits of sky; talk to its garlands of vivaciously mystical clouds; instead,

Don't talk to the fathomlessly deep ocean; talk to its majestically swirling waves; instead,

Don't talk to the lackadaisically stretched desert; talk to its royally blossoming festoon of cactus; instead,

Don't talk to the monotonously sprawled blankets of mirror; talk to its enigmatically alluring reflection; instead,

Don't talk to the gigantically curved stoical tree; talk to its conglomerate of stupendously enchanting leaves; instead,

Don't talk to the sonorously snobbish artist; talk to his myriad of incredulously absorbing paintings; instead,

Don't talk to the insurmountably timid twin horned cow; talk to its pail of impeccably shimmering milk; instead,

Don't talk to the unfathomably tired and grizzly haired old man; talk to his insatiable nostalgia and overwhelming yearning for the past; instead,

Don't talk to the hideously sinister spider; talk to its mesmerizing strands of silken web which swayed exuberantly with the breeze; instead,

Don't talk to the stringently suspended coat of thick skin; talk to its relentless infernos of unsurpassable desire; instead,

Don't talk to the shriveled petals of the indiscriminately trampled lotus; talk to their

irrefutably exotic scent that still drifted for times immemorial in the atmosphere; instead,

Don't talk to the country sandwiched as a rigidly aligned dot on the map; talk to its people who transpired its freedom; instead,

Don't talk to the gruesomely morbid and perilous night; talk to its resplendent coat of seductively tantalizing stars; instead,

Don't talk to the rustically indigenous and shaggily attired soldier; talk to his tales of immortal triumph; instead,

Don't talk to the indefatigably treacherous mountain slopes; talk to its grandiloquently sculptured summit; glistening under the golden Sun; instead,

Don't talk to the battalion of inexorably bored and lackluster twigs, talk to their flamboyantly crackling flames of rhapsodic fire; instead,

Don't talk to the monstrously diabolical chameleon; talk to its unbelievable barrage of vividly changing colors instead,

Don't talk to the dictatorial definitions of pragmatic life; talk to its labyrinth of exhilarating anecdotes; instead,

And don't talk to two lovers absconding unrelentingly from the barricades of this miserably conventional society; talk to their poignantly staring eyes; talk to their ardently sensuous breath; talk to their passionately throbbing hearts; which had all bonded for infinite births as one; instead .

## The End .

 
You die; I die – Love Poems – Part 4

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my Book as above described , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

### 
About The Poetry Book – This Book which has 50 differently titled Poems , is actually Part 4 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. BUT YOU LOOKED THE BEST   
2. LET YOUR HEART

3. BUT I COULD STILL LOVE

4. POWERLESS

5. WHEN I LISTENED TO MY HEART   
6. I WAS STILL SKEPTICAL TO LEAVE YOU OUTSIDE

7. THEIR IMMORTAL LOVE   
8. NO PERMISSIONS

9. YOU JUST FALL IN LOVE   
10. LOVE WAS IN THE AIR   
11. REFERENCE   
12. ALL THAT WE COULD DO

13. NOBODY AS PASSIONATE   
14. I REALLY DON'T KNOW

15. O! IMMORTAL BELOVED .   
16. BUT YET I SURRENDERED

17. YOUR GODLY SWEAT

18. WHAT I WAS UNCONQUERABLY SURE ABOUT

19. PLEASE DON'T EVER LEAVE ME   
20. NO EXPERIMENTATION

21. JUST SO THAT

22. MY LIFE WITHOUT YOU

23. NO POWER EVER BORN   
24. RELAX

25. REMARRIAGE   
26. ON THE STATION OF LOVE

27. IMMORTALLY OVERPOWERING   
28. IF YOU REALLY LOVED HER   
29. SAME REQUIREMENT   
30. WILL NEVER LOSE

31. I'D DEFINITELY COMMIT SUICIDE   
32. JUST ONE GIRL   
33. THE VERY 1ST ONE   
34. BELIEVABLE   
35. EVERY TIME I TOOK BREATH   
36. GRAVE PROBLEMS   
37. THE IRRETRIEVABLE CULPRIT   
38. STOP

39. A DEATH MORE TREACHEROUS   
40. DEAD BEYOND DESCRIPTION   
41. SOLELY MINE

42. AT YOUR GODLY FEET   
43. FOREVER IN LOVE   
44. STILL SEARCHING FOR THE LOVE OF MY LIFE

45. BLESSEDLY IMMORTAL   
46. WITHOUT MY PRICELESS BELOVED   
47. ONE STEP FORWARD   
48. HOW CAN I EVER LOVE ?  
49. PRICELESS LOVE

50. WITH THE BLESSINGS OF ALMIGHTY GOD

1. BUT YOU LOOKED THE BEST

You looked more ravishing than the fairies; when I sighted you under flamboyantly fiery rays of dazzling sunlight,

You looked more mesmerizing than the heavenly waterfalls; when I sighted you under milky beams of resplendent moonlight,

You looked more innocuous than the freshly born infant; when I sighted you under ethereally evanescent shadows of dawn,

You looked more tantalizing than the full blossomed vivacious peacock; when I sighted you in the overwhelmingly murky camouflage of dusk,

But you looked the best; seated naturally by my side; profoundly lost in your eternal dreams; with every beat of yours bonding immortally with mine .

You looked more celestial than the angels; when I sighted you frolicking flirtatiously in the ocean waves,

You looked more enchanting than the myriad of profusely poignant rose; when I sighted you blushing in untamed embarrassment,

You looked more seductive than the most voluptuous of nights; when I sighted you gallivanting euphorically upon your golden horse,

You looked more immaculate that the crusts of pristine snow; when I sighted you spreading your lips into a spell binding smile,

But you looked the best; seated naturally by my side; profoundly lost in your eternal dreams; with every beat of yours bonding immortally with mine .

Your looked more surreally fabulous than the most unfathomable of dream; when I sighted you soaring through the handsomely misty clouds,

You looked more exuberant than the thunderously gushing breeze; when I sighted you wholesomely drenched in ebullient globules of fresh rain,

You looked more astonishing than royally crackling flames of fire; when I sighted you embellished in a festoon of silver oyster pearls,

You looked more fragrant than the field of newly sprouted lotus; when I sighted you philandering barefoot in the wilderness of the enigmatic midnight,

But you looked the best; seated naturally by my side; profoundly lost in your eternal dreams; with every beat of yours bonding immortally with mine .

You looked more sagacious than any prudent entity on this planet; when I sighted you communicating with the flock of impeccable pigeons; perched majestically on

your rubicund palms,

You looked more alluring than the incredulously striped rainbow in the sky; when I sighted you whistling and staring unrelentingly into exotically open space,

You looked more dense than most fathomless of forests; when I sighted you batting your eyelids towards the mirror; an infinite times,

You looked more special than anybody else on this planet; when I sighted tears of poignant philanthropism; dribble down from your irrefutably sacred eyes,

But you looked the best; seated naturally by my side; profoundly lost in your eternal dreams; with every beat of yours bonding immortally with mine .

2. LET YOUR HEART

Let your eyelids flutter viciously; flirting with all the mesmerizing beauty encapsulated in this Universe to the most unprecedented limits,

Let your sweat dribble profusely down your nape; basking the true glory of assiduous perseverance and the true spirit of life,

Let your throat sing till fathomless infinity; inundating the morbidly gloomy atmosphere with exuberant beats of pulsating music,

Let your nose smell till the most remotest corners of this planet; inhaling the most ravishing scent harbored by mother nature,

Let your feet gallop in untamed exhilaration; embossing a path of irrefutable triumph on every soil they tread,

Let your fingers write to most unsurpassable boundaries of creation; penning down the myriad of enchanting shades in cosmotic space,

Let your lips uninhibitedly smile; profoundly relish the glorious sights; which the Omniscient Lord had bestowed upon this earth with,

Let your teeth inexorably chew; savor the most tantalizingly succulent fruits of nature in their impregnable grip,

Let your cheeks overwhelmingly blush to a poignant crimson; compassionately rekindle the diminishing urges of your dying skin,

Let your tongue speak to its ultimate hearts content; effusively portraying its most candid emotions; as white thunder pelted down ferociously from the skies,

Let your hands wander indefatigably through the silver sands; groping for that stupendously reinvigorating cool that voluptuously incarcerated within,

Let your mind fantasize incessantly beyond the skies; unrelentingly exploring all the divinely goodness that could ever have been conjured on earth,

Let your hair ecstatically embrace the ravishing breeze; dance in rhapsodic fervor as each instant of time unveiled,

Let your blood flow faster than the speed of light in your veins; making you feel boisterously alive; even countless centuries after death,

Let your eyebrows bounce and fall ardently on your forehead; insurmountably relish the tunnels of inexplicable intrigue generated,

Let your shadow swirl as turbulently as the majestically undulating sea; entrench the boundless trajectory of the glistening desert; with mystically seductive darkness,

Let your conscience fulminate its inner most feelings; maneuver your countenance through the realms of wrong and right,

Let your soul wander ubiquitously through every cranny of this astronomically colossal Universe; propagate its benign happiness in every entity it encountered,

And let your heart palpitate more thunderously than anything else in this world; besiege even the most uncouth organism in the wave of its immortal passion;

love; love and simply continue to love .

3. BUT I COULD STILL LOVE

I might be living on bare chunks of threadbare soil; with hardly a roof to cover my dilapidated scalp,

But I could still perceive infinite kilometers above the sky; to the most unprecedented limits of mesmerizing imagination; in my dreams .

I might be adorned in abysmally tottered clothes; with obnoxious streaks of dirt and disease creeping with sinister effusiveness from my skin,

But I could still relentlessly fantasize about the most innocuously ingratiating complexion on this Universe; drown myself perpetually in a paradise of surreally enchanting silk; in my dreams .

I might be incomprehensibly diminutive in stature; being ridicules beyond boundaries of sagacious control by every individual transgressing on the streets,

But I could still dance indefatigably with the angels in the sky; basking with them inexorably under satiny rays of the Sun; in my dreams .

I might be horrendously blind; with cloud covers of ghastly darkness engulfing me from all sides; even in the most ferocious of sunlight,

But I could still glimpse the most enchanting of angels; incessantly witness the most profoundly Omnipotent light which my sighted counterparts could never even imagine; in my dreams .

I might be inexplicably unfortunate not to get my share of luck in this world; staggering umpteenth number of times as the ruthless society brutally kicked me,

But I could still philander in gay abandon through the interiors of the unfathomably grandiloquent castle; explore the most spell binding places on this planet; in my dreams .

I might be wholesomely lonely; with people preferring the most inconspicuous of job; to my abhorrently repulsive facial contours,

But I could still talk till times immemorial with the entity I desired; incarcerate even the most alien in the swirl of my untamed passion; in my dreams .

I might be an unsurpassably ancient fossil; lying buried for centuries unprecedented beneath layers of obsolete sand,

But I could still gyrate with the most overwhelmingly contemporary form of life; be a part of profusely fascinating and pragmatic present; in my dreams .

I might be an infinitesimally humble personality; withering away worse than a broken leaf at the tiniest draught of gloomy breeze,

But I could still win over the heart of every single organism in this world; impregnate my irrefutably truthful impression in their eyes for decades unlimited; in my dreams .

And I might be deprive of the love that I had taken birth for on this most wonderful earth of God; being insidiously betrayed by the girl whom I could give my life for,

But I could still love her; not only for this life; but for countless more births even after my death; ebulliently blossom and romance with her in the aisles of insatiable desire; in my dreams .

4. POWERLESS

Powerful to smile; as I heard something abysmally resonating in ludicrous vicinity,

Powerful to fight; as I confronted the mightiest of disaster with astronomical fortitude and tenacity,

Powerful to sleep; as I snored more thunderously than the demons; resting in overwhelmingly celestial contentment,

Power to admire; as I sighted the mesmerizing puffs of clouds floating passionately in azure sky,

Powerful to sketch; as I masterfully captured the labyrinth of picturesque sights which majestically dotted the fathomless gorge,

Powerful to sing; as I inundated the gloomy atmosphere with everlasting waves of seductively rhapsodic melody,

Powerful to mimic; as I possessed the incomprehensibly fascinating virtue to emulate a boundless myriad of voice,

Powerful to write; as I deluged a mountain of disdainfully barren paper; with exquisite lines of oligarchic literature,

Powerful to fantasize; as I triggered the chords of enigmatic imagination to the most ebulliently unprecedented limits,

Powerful to speak; as I silenced unrelentingly menacing mobs of fanatic people; with the domineering authority in my voice,

Powerful to dance; as I gyrated my body in insatiable agony under profusely milky rays of enchanting moonlight,

Powerful to run; as I galloped like the vivacious panther; through the mystical forests at the unveiling of each ephemeral dawn,

Powerful to flirt; as I had this inexplicable tenacity to incarcerate any alien in the swirl of my indefatigable mischief,

Powerful to dig; as I impregnated a tunnel of vibrantly optimistic hope; in layers

of obdurately infidel soil,

Powerful to stare; as I relentlessly looked the sweltering sun without flinching the slightest; for hours immemorial,

Powerful to chew; as I masticated the most resilient morsels of food into handsome bits of pulverized chowder,

Powerful to forsee; as I perspicaciously tackled each aspect of pragmatically monotonous life; measuring each step of mine as I walked,

Powerful to breathe; as I lived each moment of life to its most unbelievable capacity; with the euphoria to perennially discover fervently besieging me,

But powerless to face her; as I wholesomely submitted my humble countenance to the wave of her turbulently swirling love; bonding my heart; body and soul with

the immortal essence of her sacred existence .

5. WHEN I LISTENED TO MY HEART

When I used my mind; I sagaciously manipulated the various nuances of clambering up the treacherous mountain; as the chances of survival were bizarrely slim,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did it clamber up the jagged periphery with exhilarated zeal; but emerged triumphant on the astronomical summit; with the Sun streaming across my eyes in its dazzling shine .

When I used my mind; I contemplated several times of venturing out in the gruesome darkness; the deathly chill that awaited to incarcerate me; as I alighted my foot on the deserted streets,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I trespass through the entire planet bare foot; but thoroughly enjoyed the exotic rhapsody of the enchantingly pearly moonlight .

When I used my mind; I ruminated till eternity before plunging into the undulating ocean; equating the chances I had to survive; amidst a battalion of hostile sharks and whales,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I swim ebulliently against the voluptuously mesmerizing waves; but profusely admired the beauty of God's

fathomless creation of froth .

When I used my mind; I trembled in inexplicable fear of wading through the dense jungles; the overwhelmingly torturous death that would come inevitably; as the Lion pulverized me to infinitesimal pieces,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I bounce exuberantly with the Kangaroos; but inhaled in my lungs the freshest air ever; that could be found on

the trajectory of this Universe .

When I used my mind; I vehemently shrugged off the prospect of standing in the rain; perceiving the cloudbursts of satanic lightening creeping diabolically to assassinate traces of my vital life,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I bathe in the seductively tantalizing droplets; but slipped into a land of fabulously gorgeous fantasy for decades unfathomable .

When I used my mind; I felt a wave of repulsion engulfing myself; as I knew my ugly facial contours would shatter any glass when sighted into,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I stare relentlessly into the mirror; but bowed down to the Creator in meek submission; for the incomprehensibly beautiful looks he had bestowed me with .

When I used my mind; I deliberately closed my nose with repugnant abhorrence; spurious ruminating upon the myriad of venomous smells that would strangulate

me to realms of perennial death,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I breathe with a fervor more than any entity trespassing; but insurmountably relished the unfathomably wonderful scents that loitered in free space .

When I used my mind; I sat crouched in one obsolete dilapidated corner; cognizing the barricades that I was likely to encounter at each stage of life; the blanket of thorns that I would have to trespass upon to escalate to the corridors of success,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I stretch my persona to more than its complete height; but metamorphosed each of my dreams into a trend-setting reality .

When I used my mind; I always shirked from proclaiming my love to the girl I loved; feeling myself buried boundless feet beneath my corpse; as the society would

brutally squelch me for violating their irrefutable choice,

While when I listened to my heart; not only did I achieve the love of my life; but bonded for times immortal in the swirl of majestically soaring passion; in the swirl of timelessly enchanting romance .

6. I WAS STILL SKEPTICAL TO LEAVE YOU OUTSIDE

Even if the gigantic tree shrunk miserably in size; metamorphosing into an inconspicuously shivering seedling,

Even if the colossal oceans swirling handsomely towards the sky; reduced to a solitary stream; trickling more lackadaisically than the tortoise,

Even if the conglomerate of sinister clouds in the cosmos; condensed to bare bits of dilapidated plain sky,

Even if the incomprehensibly colossal edifice; converted into a wretchedly fluttering and crying stone,

I was still skeptical to leave you outside; for the moment you caressed your stupendously enchanting foot on soil; the silent world would come alive again; and

I feared to loose you amidst the infinite tangible organisms; trying to cast their spell on your impeccably charismatic grace .

Even if the flamboyantly escalating fire; became a piece of forlorn and thoroughly obsolete coal,

Even if the insurmountably towering mountains; transformed into a festoon of ants with disdainfully fractured legs,

Even if the indefatigably unending fantasy; got pathetically pulverized into monotonous bits of pragmatic reality,

Even if the profoundly poignant streams of scarlet blood; reduced to insipid bits of overwhelmingly stale water,

I was still skeptical to leave you outside; for the moment you caressed your stupendously enchanting foot on soil; the silent world would come alive again; and

I feared to loose you amidst the infinite tangible organisms; trying to cast their spell on your impeccably charismatic grace .

Even if the diabolically charging striped panther; changed dramatically into a pair of decayed and light weight bones,

Even if the unsurpassably huge swarming battlefield; became a breeding ground for diminutive glow worm and mice,

Even if the richest entities transgressing upon this Universe; ironically started begging bare chested on the rampantly busy streets,

Even if the unfathomable flock of satanic vultures; were now just stripped to a bizarrely mocking caricature of balding feathers,

I was still skeptical to leave you outside; for the moment you caressed your stupendously enchanting foot on soil; the silent world would come alive again; and

I feared to loose you amidst the infinite tangible organisms; trying to cast their spell on your impeccably charismatic grace .

Even if the boisterously bouncing Kangaroos; became infinitesimally stony reflections embodied deep within clammy cocoons of soil,

Even if the incredulously redolent lotus flower; now became a shriveled petal being kicked viciously farther and farther away; with every draught of timid wind,

Even if the most mesmerizing of voices on this planet; reduced to dying whispers; profusely battered to complete absolution in the atmosphere,

Even if the entire globe functioning dynamically under the sweltering Sun; came to an abrupt halt; changing wholesomely into obscure dew drops trapped inside an

obnoxiously corked bottle,

I was still skeptical to leave you outside; for the moment you caressed your stupendously enchanting foot on soil; the silent world would come alive again; and

I feared to loose you amidst the infinite tangible organisms; trying to cast their spell on your impeccably charismatic grace .

7. THEIR IMMORTAL LOVE

Even as the most immaculately placid rivers; truculently metamorphosed into ruthlessly lambasting fires of diabolical hell,

Even as an unfathomable corpse of lethally penalizing bullets rang inclemently all round the atmosphere; with indiscriminate devils marauding at free will,

Even as the most majestically towering mountains crumbled like a pack of frigidly insipid cards; pathetically kissing horrendous particles of threadbare dust,

Even as the fountain of salaciously treacherous lechery reigned supreme in the gigantic planet around; with the graveyard of hideous manipulation embedding

itself deeper and deeper into holistic soil,

Their immortal love remained as fragrant as the pristine flower of perennial peace; perpetually glowed with the spirit of irrefutably sparkling righteousness; with the blessings of the Omniscient Almighty Lord .

1.

Even as man parasitically sucked his counterpart man; savagely devouring every ingredient of his innocuous bloodstream; to replenish his own treasuries with

malicious discontent,

Even as the handsomely blistering Sun intractably refrained to shimmer; portraying its unsurpassable anger upon satanically erring mankind,

Even as pragmatic time morbidly deadened in its very roots; gruesomely convoluting with the heinoustraitors and gory death; fulminating uninhibitedly around,

Even as the most viciously tumultuous thunderstorms of acrid dust; dreadfully obfuscated the entire civilization in whirlwinds of abhorrently vengeful sledging and slandering,

Their immortal love remained as eternally sacrosanct as the celestial heavens; philanthropically radiating the religion of gloriously everlasting mankind upon

one and all alike; with the blessings of the Omnipotent Almighty Lord .

2 .

Even as an unfathomable entrenchment of innocent eyes; were sordidly blinded with waves of irascibly derogatory commercialism,

Even as ominously stinking gutters of bizarre ruthlessness cut loose upon the unwitting cities; ingloriously inundating every particle of the atmosphere with brutally horrific despair,

Even as avalanches of coldblooded slavery transcended past the era's of truth; as every living organism became a barbarically untamed criminal; rampantly

massacring innocent lives,

Even as the torturous tyranny of fate unceremoniously penalized the fathomless world; with the essence of the devil invidiously lingering in the disparaging

solitude that smarted around,

Their immortal love resplendently blossomed like the harmoniously twinkling stars in the gargantuan sky; benevolently disseminating the mantra of pricelessly effulgent existence; with the blessings of the unassailably marvelous Almighty Lord .

3 .

Even as pugnacious lizards of gory infidelity stabbed their rebellious venom; into the unequivocally virgin fabric of this colossal Universe,

Even as dungeons of tyrannical desperation enveloped the limitless cosmos; with every human despicably transforming into insidiously plagiarized shit,

Even as the most diminutive bit of enchanting melody; became a perfidiously whipping expletive of disgusting extinction; excoriating all voluptuous sensuousness

with the sword of conventionally robotic turgidity,

Even as heinously perilous death overruled the chapter of scintillating life; as even the most royally aristocratic of human life; became a fickle headed commodity being disdainfully pulverized; by power politics,

Their immortal love bloomed more tantalizingly than ever before; impregnably bonded in the cradle of unflinching solidarity for infinite more births yet to

unveil; with the blessings of the Omnipresent Almighty Lord .

8. NO PERMISSIONS

The clouds didn't need even the most capricious of permission whatsoever; to torrentially diffuse intounrelenting thunderbolts of ecstatically golden rain,

The rose didn't need even the most infinitesimal of permission whatsoever; to grandiloquently culminate into a fountain of ebullient scent; stupendously

mystify every iota of the bedraggled atmosphere,

The grass didn't need even the most spurious of permission whatsoever; to euphorically tingle traumatically dreary soles; miraculously metamorphose all swelteringly dolorous into a cistern of rhapsodic freshness,

The sheep didn't need even the most mercurial of permission whatsoever; to leave behind a trail of immaculate belonging; profusely inundate the disastrously commercial arena with meadows of glorious innocuousness,

The stars didn't need even the most parsimonious of permission whatsoever; to resplendently twinkle all night; timelessly deluge the ghastly curtainspread of

sullen darkness; with whirlwinds of optimistic light,

The Sun didn't need even the most diminutive of permission whatsoever; to flamboyantly blaze through every quarter of this colossal Universe; ubiquitously

disseminate its spell of enchanting optimism to every dwelling besieged with horrendous despair,

The mountains didn't need even the most tiniest of permission whatsoever; to compassionately sequester the infirm in their affable belly; tower majestically

as harbingers of irrefutable solidarity; for centuries immemorial,

The bees didn't need even the most obfuscated of permission whatsoever; to evolve into royal whirlpools of bountiful honey; infiltrate the lugubrious complexion of the dusty afternoon; with melodiously spell binding honey,

The waves didn't need even the most insignificant of permission whatsoever; to culminate into tantalizingly reinvigorating froth; unrelentingly ooze a ravishing

entrenchment of poignantly heartfelt salt,

The nightingale didn't need even the most measly of permission whatsoever; to stupendously titillate each dying nerve of the disdainfully frazzled body; with an

ocean of unsurpassably everlasting enchantment,

The squirrel didn't need even the most oblivious of permission whatsoever; to frolic impeccably through the mists of untamed desire; uninhibitedly fulminate into an astounding kaleidoscope of vivacious color as it gallivanted through the handsome trees,

The leaves didn't need even the most nonchalant of permission whatsoever; to seductively rustle into silken carpets of exuberant breeze; profusely solemnize the complexion of the disastrously decaying air; with reflections of insatiably unending

happiness,

The hands didn't need even the most insipid of permission whatsoever; to wholeheartedly clap at every blissful occasion of existence; effusively express

their jubilant enthrallment to the most unprecedented limits,

The waterfalls didn't need even the most non-existent of permission whatsoever; to ingratiatingly placate drearily scorched travelers; bequeath a legacy of sparkling togetherness upon all those murderously pinched by the corpse of bizarre commercialism,

The butterflies didn't need even the most evanescent of permission whatsoever; to gorgeously flutter in exotically regale sunshine; manifest into an unfathomable sky of eternal mischief all marathon day,

The true martyrs didn't need even the most ethereal of permission whatsoever; to audaciously fight for their sacrosanct motherland; relinquish every iota of their

breath for the sake of their beautifully revered country,

The rainbows didn't need even the most transient of permission whatsoever; to Omnisciently engulf every withering cranny of this Herculean planet; with

fabulous infernos of ardent companionship,

The infant didn't need even the most remotest of permission whatsoever; to holistically savor divine milk from the chest of its Godly mother; unleash into

a string of Omnipotently incoherent wails; as the Sun disappeared in wholesome entirety from blue sky,

And the Heart didn't need even the most microscopic of permission whatsoever; to ecstatically liberate its incomprehensible river of passionate beats; immortally

bond them with the soul mate of its existence; perpetually unite them with the entity it solely loved .

9. YOU JUST FALL IN LOVE

There was no age stringently defined to fall in its heavenly swirl; embrace its cistern of majestic enchantment for centuries unprecedented,

There was no time irrevocably defined to experience its exuberant timelessness; catapult to the ultimate summit of its gloriously enthralling victory,

There was no color intransigently defined to entice its stupendous aroma; possess its magically augmenting wave of sensuousness; for as long as earth was destined to exist,

There was no moment intractably defined to savor its glorious titillation; exotically be the most integral element of its ravishingly tantalizing stride,

There was no mantra incorrigibly defined to incarcerate its compassionate caress; preserve its incredulously immaculate touch close to your soul; for infinite more births yet to unveil,

There was no religion conventionally defined to bond with its ubiquitous essence; relentlessly bathe in its marvelously voluptuous pool of ebullient belonging,

There was no trail irrefutably defined to chase its magnificently silken charm; be its ecumenically gorgeous cascade of spell binding prosperity,

There was no entrenchment precisely defined to conquer its spirit of everlasting seduction; wholeheartedly embrace its kaleidoscope of boundlessly ingratiating

color,

There was no price inexorably defined to purchase its romantic incantation; be incessantly spell bound by its spell of redolently dancing vivaciousness,

There was no boundary austerely defined to achieve its scintillatingly handsome peak; bask in the unbelievably majestic scent of its optimistically healing breath,

There was no voice inclemently defined to impress its impeccably frolicking embodiment; unassailably imprison its holistically sacrosanct beauty; in the

center of your impoverished chest,

There was no direction monotonously defined to follow its mystically unconquerable splendor; be the most ultimate slave of its celestially resplendent shadow,

There was no dimension dogmatically defined to measure its fathomless ardor; beautifully enshroud every element of your penuriously dwindling existence; with

its royal beads of profuse togetherness,

There was no power concisely defined to snatch its Omnipotent crown; be the sole jewel of its profound fervor to regally lead life; to bounce exuberantly in placating paradise,

There was no portrait irretrievably defined to highlight its exquisite treasury of amiable symbiosis; poignantly divulge its astronomically endless goodness; to the entire Universe traumatically crippled outside,

There was no blood meticulously defined to belong to its Godly countenance; melange with its stream of ubiquitously glistening humanity; for unsurpassable

more decades yet to come,

There was no breath punitively defined to inhale its panoramically eclectic contours; exclusively relish its astoundingly princely tale of unending exhilaration,

There was no heart specifically defined to posses its marvelously Omnipresent beats; be the only one to eternally dance to its tunes of melodiously blessing mankind,

And there was no preparation specifically defined to execute its lovely rhythm; as you just inadvertently stumble into its immortal light of goodness; you just unknowingly accept it at some stage of life as the greatest elixir for survival; YOU JUST FALL IN LOVE .

10. LOVE WAS IN THE AIR

Every rose in the bountiful gardens profoundly bloomed with it; blissfully assimilating its enchanting goodness in each of its vivaciously redolent petals,

Every beam of the miraculously Omnipotent Sun profusely blazed with it; triumphantly pronouncing its unflinchingly spell binding impression upon the

colossal Universe,

Every droplet of the ravishingly mesmerizing waterfall marvelously glimmered with it; casting an irrefutably unconquerable spell of divine exoticism upon each organism alive,

Every leaf of the mystically corrugated tree exuberantly swirled with it; ebulliently leaping towards celestial paradise; in the swirl of its compassionately poignant caress,

Every seductively tantalizing nightingale timelessly sung it; gorgeously portraying its astoundingly unfathomable charisma; to the entire beleaguered planet outside,

Every enamoring rainbow in the fathomless cosmos danced euphorically to its tunes; culminating into an incredulously amazing kaleidoscope of panoramic beauty; and rejuvenating color,

Every blade of harmoniously nimble grass ecstatically swayed to it; innocuously fulminating its sensuous cascade of golden dewdrops; as vibrant dawn overtook

the complexion of the ghastly night,

Every ingratiatingly silken web insurmountably dazzled with it; divinely dissipating its unassailably Omnipotent glow; to all those miserably dithering towards the aisles of treacherous nothingness,

Every exotically crimson cloud torrentially showered it; engulfing bizarrely barren landscapes of malicious prejudice; with incomprehensibly unending spurts of

holistic symbiosis,

Every amiably philandering meadow gregariously harbored it; harnessing the tree of invincible humanity; with its perennial tributaries of uninhibited freedom,

Every wonderfully soaring bird affably encapsulated it; flooding each element of the dolorously sultry atmosphere around; with waves of unbelievably Omniscient charisma,

Every mystically chanting cuckoo majestically whispered it; ubiquitously disseminating its relentless glory; to the most obscurely ethereal regions of this limitless planet,

Every voluptuously scented root proudly possessed it; unequivocally depicting to one and all alike; that it was the most quintessential rudiment of every organism

to survive,

Every boisterously bubbling bee made it the honey of its hive; ecumenically oozing its entrenchment of perpetual sweetness; overtoppling the hideous devil with its melody of; everlasting togetherness,

Every serenely pacifying dusk pricelessly encompassed it; entirely metamorphosing every heinously barbaric into an apostle of peace; with its impregnable chapters of eternal contentment,

Every rhapsodically drifting wind intransigently embraced it; basking in the unprecedented aura of its timeless sensuousness; for centuries immemorial,

Every holistically truthful soul indefatigably lived it; naturally letting its immaculately godly elements; take wholesomely gratifying control for infinite more births yet to unveil,

Every resplendently jubilant breath stupendously relished it; insatiably suckling unsurpassable fireballs of inspiration from its Omnipresent grace; to forever emerge a philanthropic winner in the chapter of vivid existence,

O! Yes love was profusely there in the air; Love was profusely there in every synergistically beautiful element of this gigantic earth; Love was profusely there in every human poignantly existing,

And more exclusively than anything; Love had taken an immortal bondage of their hearts tonight; with their innocent spirits amalgamating as a singleton idol of

unconquerable timelessness; under the milky downpour of the sacrosanct Moon .

11. REFERENCE

The most priceless thing that the clouds in fathomlessly crimson sky could ever refer you to; was tantalizing globules of golden rain,

The most priceless thing that sweltering sands of the desert could ever refer you to; was acrimonious tornadoes of painstakingly persevering heat,

The most priceless thing that the unfathomably voluptuous blades of grass could ever refer you to; was an enchantingly everlasting carpet of silken dewdrops,

The most priceless thing that the bountifully rustling leaves could ever refer you to; was unrelenting entrenchments of euphorically exotic breeze,

The most priceless thing that the indomitably scintillating mountain peaks could ever refer you to; was the Omnipotently ferocious blaze of the majestic Sun,

The most priceless thing that the inscrutably untamed forests could ever refer you to; was the profoundly regale crest; of the thunderously poignant lion,

The most priceless thing that the insurmountably choppy ocean could ever refer you to; was a profusely tangy waterfall; of spell bindingly rejuvenating salt,

The most priceless thing that the flame of sparkling truth could ever refer you to; was the unassailably grandiloquent religion of mankind,

The most priceless thing that the seductively titillating rose could ever refer you to; was a relentless fountain of stupendously endowing scent,

The most priceless thing that the fascinatingly pristine oyster could ever refer you to; was a gloriously delectable whirlpool of resplendently mesmerizing pearls,

The most priceless thing that the disdainfully impoverished beggar could ever refer you to; was indispensable morsels of divinely appetizing food,

The most priceless thing that the marvelously iridescent rainbow could ever refer you to; was the emphatically boisterous spirit of supremely astounding vivaciousness,

The most priceless thing that the penuriously orphaned could ever refer you to; was the compassionately sequestering walls of the harmoniously placating dwelling,

The most priceless thing that the silver droplets of redolent sweat could ever refer you to; was unendingly persevering timelessness,

The most priceless thing that the charismatically sensuous lips could ever refer you to; was an incredulously gregarious sky of fabulously fantastic smiles,

The most priceless thing that the indefatigable patriots could ever refer you to; was the flag of unconquerably magnificent; and triumphantly blazing victory,

The most priceless thing that the fleet footed squirrel could ever refer you to; was an insatiably unbelievable river of ebullient frolic,

The most priceless thing that the marvelously rubicund nostrils could ever refer you to; was intransigently passionate maelstroms of reinvigoratingly tingling breath,

And the most priceless thing that the perpetually bountiful heart could ever refer you to; was an immortally royal Universe of impregnable love; love and only celestial love .

12. ALL THAT WE COULD DO

The color of her impeccably radiant eyes had already formed in the womb; with even the most intricately poignant of their shades having taken irrefutably consolidated proportions,

All that we could do was profusely embellish them with the astronomical beauty of this gargantuan Universe; inculcating in them profound empathy towards the

religion of humanity .

The shape of her immaculately divine fingers had already formed in the womb; with even the most infinitesimal of nails sprouting up holistically from the nimble edges,

All that we could do was poignantly paint them with the stupendous charisma of this spell binding Universe; impregnate in them the solidarity to confront even the most acrimonious of impediments that dared come their way .

The contours of her amiably princely lips had already formed in the womb; with even the most capriciously evanescent tinges of red piquantly reflecting at her

innocuous birth,

All that we could do was indefatigably make them smile; triumphantly caress all bountifully heavenly goodness; that sumptuously encapsulated the enchanting

atmosphere .

The pristine curvatures of her resplendent feet had already formed in the womb; with even the most sensitively pointed of her toes taking wholesome proportions,

All that we could do was Omnisciently maneuver them towards the path of scintillating righteousness; teaching her to traverse shoulder to shoulder; with

all mankind; one and ubiquitously alike .

The complexion of her robustly blossoming skin had already formed in the womb; with even the most inconspicuously enamoring of her dimples glistening like fireballs of the Sun; as the emanated her first breath,

All that we could do was perpetually ensure that it remained untainted like that for times immemorial; timelessly enshroud her cheeks with all gregarious benevolence that uninhibitedly floated in the atmosphere .

The cadence of her emphatically unblemished voice had already formed in the womb; with even the most incoherently inherent of her expressions magically visible; as she winked open her eyes to salvage the first sights of this planet,

All that we could do was pragmatically teach her to use it for philanthropic humanity; disseminate its ingratiatingly vibrant melody; to each quarter of this Universe enveloped with bizarre solitude .

The trajectory of her immaculately godly ears had already formed in the womb; with even the most inaudible nerves of her lobes; miraculously visible as she gyrated in her cradle to the first sounds of this globe,

All that we could do was perennially ensure that even the slightest trace of diabolism stayed infinite kilometers from her impeccable visage; and all that she could ever hear was the tunes of beautifully egalitarian mankind .

The lines on her Omnipresently innocent palms had already formed in the womb; with even the most ethereal insinuations in her life explicitly highlighted; as she ecstatically bounced in the lap of her grandmother,

All that we could do was celestially drift her towards the lanes of unprejudiced righteousness; evolve her into being the ultimate messiah of all disastrously

anguished humanity .

And the rhythm of her heavenly heartbeats had already formed in the womb; with even the most tiny palpitations of her chest throbbing with effervescent intensity; as she diffused her very first breath,

All that we could do was unassailably embody them with the spirit of immortal love; unequivocally ensure that they coalesced with nothing else but sparkling truth

till the time they lived; and even countless births that they exuberantly took life once again; thereafter .

13. NOBODY AS PASSIONATE

There was nobody on this fathomless Universe as passionate about poignant rain; as the thunderously reverberating conglomerate of crimson clouds,

There was nobody on this colossal Universe as passionate about sweltering sands; as the majestically sprawling islands of the tenaciously glistening deserts,

There was nobody on this gigantic Universe as passionate about exuberant wind; as the vivaciously rustling leaves of the magnificently blossoming tree,

There was nobody on this boundless Universe as passionate about piquantly rejuvenating salt; as the unsurpassably glorious and ravishingly undulating oceans,

There was nobody on this unfathomable Universe as passionate about astoundingly bedazzling light; as the tumultuously fulminating fireball of golden Sun,

There was nobody on this gregarious Universe as passionate about silken scent; as the enchantingly everlasting rose; unveiling its whirlpool of untamed artistry; under the resplendent light of the milky moon,

There was nobody on this unending Universe as passionate about handsomely gurgling froth; as the mystically wonderful waterfall; mesmerizing one and

all in the swirl of its princely cascade,

There was nobody on this Herculean Universe as passionate about regale evening; as the ethereally inscrutable horizons; diffusing the essence of synergistic equality to far and wide across this celestial earth,

There was nobody on this amiable Universe as passionate about slithering mysticism; as the marvelously gliding serpent; rhetorically coiling into surreptitious folds; to entice the heart of the night,

There was nobody on this limitless Universe as passionate about innocuous mischief; as the impeccably vibrant child; unrelentingly discovering an incomprehensible entrenchment of newness on every step that it charismatically tread,

There was nobody on this eclectic Universe as passionate about wavering enigma; as the uncannily vivid shadow; aristocratically tingling every sagging visage; with cisterns of exotic wonderment,

There was nobody on this divinely Universe as passionate about sacrosanct motherland; as the patriotically blazing soldier; unflinchingly towering

upon the diabolical traitors; till the very last iota of his blessed breath,

There was nobody on this timeless Universe as passionate about united strength; as the tenaciously towering mountains; symbiotically withstanding the most acrimonious of storms; sequestering millions of innocent masses from agonizing pain,

There was nobody on this redolent Universe as passionate about expressing emotions; as the compassionately heartfelt writer; incredulously weaving a tale of superbly effusive artistry; portraying the inner most feelings of his heart,

There was nobody on this charismatic Universe as passionate about the freshly born baby; as the godly mother; who miraculously nourished it with her very

own blood; for a persevering 9 months,

There was nobody on this astronomical Universe as passionate about immaculate milk; as the sacredly munching cow; surviving itself on nimble grass; to bequeath upon the world the most priceless elixir of life,

There was nobody on this endowing Universe as passionate about scintillating pearls; as the fantastically pristine oyster; harboring it for centuries immemorial; from even the most diminutive trace of malice,

There was nobody on this vast Universe as passionate about spell binding breath; as the chapter of tirelessly ebullient life; sprouting into a fountain of melody as each instant royally unleashed by,

And there was nobody on this twinkling Universe as passionate about immortal love; as the ardently throbbing heart; unassailably bonding each of its magical beats with beauty and freshness; sensuously lighting the trail of an insatiably uncurbed romance .

14. I REALLY DON'T KNOW

I don't know what else could I have so stupendously cherished for; without your majestically seductive and iridescently twinkling eyelashes ?

I don't know what else could I have so wonderfully fantasized for; without your fantastically vibrant and timelessly sensuous stride ?

I don't know what else could I have so bountifully felt for; without your compassionately divine and spell bindingly blissful caress ?

I don't know what else could I have so unrelentingly wished for; without your celestially fragrant and supremely sacrosanct lips ?

I don't know what else could I have so intransigently aspired for; without your philanthropically enchanting and invincibly mellifluous essence of symbiotic

mankind ?

I don't know what else could I have so timelessly yearned for; without your magnificently shimmering and flamboyantly fiery inferno's of passionate desire ?

I don't know what else could I have so unstoppably leapt for; without your beautifully fluttering and vivaciously mischievous shadow ?

I don't know what else could I have so uncontrollably slavered for; without your everlastingly heavenly and pristinely poignant; gorge of sweetness ?

I don't know what else could I have so endlessly strived for; without your synergistically godly and ebulliently extraordinary spirit of righteousness ?

I don't know what else could I have so fanatically obsessed for; without your majestically handsome and marvelously resplendent smiles ?

I don't know what else could I have so indomitably hoped for; without your perennially ecstatic and aristocratically opalescent artistry ?

I don't know what else could I have so boundlessly prayed for; without your magnanimously humanitarian and magically blessing ideals ?

I don't know what else could I have so fathomlessly endured for; without your ubiquitously unlimited and synergistically fructifying voice ?

I don't know what else could I have so ardently dreamt for; without your enigmatically uncanny and princely philandering demeanor ?

I don't know what else could I have so patriotically blazed for; without your altruistically unflinching and fearlessly impeccable conscience ?

I don't know what else could I have so effulgently sung for; without your freshly embellished and newborn bride; crimson cheeks ?

I don't know what else could I have so perpetually loved for; without your charismatically incarcerating and pricelessly infinite heartbeats ?

I don't know what else could I have so immortally exhaled for; without your Omnipotently reviving and optimistically enlightening; fireballs of breath ?

And I really don't know what else could I have so unconquerably lived for; without your undefeatedly godly and Omnisciently benign life ?

15. O! IMMORTAL BELOVED .

My humble salutations to you O! Tantalizing Beloved; for so magnanimously tolerating my eccentrically esoteric repertoire of idiosyncrasies; my marathon

hours of sky gazing in the heart of spell bindingly ravishing midnight,

My eternal salutations to you O! Beautiful Beloved; for so chivalrously toleration my congenital habits of challenging conventional society; my unsurpassable ocean of intrepid opinions; which were solely and profusely my very own,

My priceless salutations to you O! Eternal Beloved; for so open heartedly tolerating my inherent tendencies to flirt and philander; romanticize in the aisles of surreally tantalizing desire; till infinite more births of mine,

My unflinching salutations to you O! Pristine Beloved; for so handsomely tolerating my bizarre antagonism from the conventionally turgid society; my principles

irrevocably discarding every other religion on this planet; except the religion of unconquerably Omnipotent mankind,

My endless salutations to you O! Celestial Beloved; for so pioneeringly tolerating my sporadic bouts of exasperating nonchalance; my wholesome delineation from the monotonously outside world,

My boundless salutations to you O! Majestic Beloved; for so blissfully tolerating my infuriatingly lambasting anger; my unsurpassable mountain of baseless whims and uxoriously incarcerating habits,

My indefatigable salutations to you O! Inimitable Beloved; for so astoundingly tolerating my disparagingly crucifying agonies; my horrendously harrowing nightmares which at times rendered me worse than lividly cadaverous mortuaries; even in the shimmer of the brilliantly sunlit day,

My intransigent salutations to you O! Mellifluous Beloved; for so magically tolerating my dictatorially chauvinistic ego; my lecherously bohemian demeanor and

shaggily uncut toenails,

My unfathomable salutations to you O! Heavenly Beloved; for so miraculously tolerating my disdainfully abusive tongue; my incongruously abstruse babbling like a newborn child; as I snored in the aisles of profoundly solitary sleep,

My triumphant salutations to you O! Immaculate Beloved; for so regally tolerating my fastidiously pernicious obsessions; my unendingly esoteric titillations and tastes of the tongue,

My everlasting salutations to you O! Unblemished Beloved; for so magnificently tolerating my abhorrently prejudiced odor; my outlandishly obsolete way of dressing even as I trespassed amidst the imperially exquisite society,

My timeless salutations to you O! Gorgeous Beloved; for so enchantingly tolerating my ominously dribbling perspiration; my inscrutably inexplicable aura which

enshrouded me like a draught of irrevocable wind from all ends,

My ubiquitous salutations to you O! Adorable Beloved; for so patiently tolerating my disastrously stuttering and maimed stride; my hands that smelt of ghoulishly foul fish all day; as I aimlessly sauntered amongst the piles of lifeless crabs and desolate sand,

My godly salutations to you O! Effulgent Beloved; for so wonderfully tolerating my irascibly sneezing nose; my perennial fits of discontentment; which never ever

got placated even with the most aristocratic of wealth,

My victorious salutations to you O! Iridescent Beloved; for so fragrantly tolerating my disastrously penurious demeanor; my rotten juggernaut of hollow luck; which venomously marauded my pockets with more and more holes; as the instants zipped by,

My spell binding salutations to you O! Sacrosanct Beloved; for so sagaciously tolerating my uninhibitedly exotic fearlessness; my uncanny slips into the unfettered wilderness from time to time; without even leaving the tiniest of innuendo behind,

My ardent salutations to you O! Unconquerable Beloved; for so opulently tolerating my erotically decrepit fantasies; my unstoppably brute masculine force; which at times was more tempestuous than raw thunderbolts of lightening to confront,

My convivial salutations to you O! holistic Beloved; for so remarkably tolerating my inevitably decaying breath; my viciously cancerous presence all day and even after the clock hours gallivanted well past; the strokes of invidiously sinister midnight,

And my tireless salutations to you O! Immortal Beloved; for so synergistically tolerating me as your diminutively impoverished husband; bonding even the

most infinitesimal element of your heart; soul and conscience with mine; even though I was just an undeservingly scurrilous stranger trying to parasitically creep into your blessed life .

16. BUT YET I SURRENDERED

The most pernicious of mountains on this Universe miserably failed to deter me; as I euphorically surged like an untamed prince; without batting even an infinitesimal eyelid; beyond the summits of eternal paradise,

The most lecherous of oceans on this Universe disdainfully failed to drown me; as I vivaciously flew like an inimitably majestic eagle; over the fathomlessly priceless carpet of this astoundingly panoramic earth,

The most abstruse of forests on this Universe pathetically failed to scare me; as I uninhibitedly raced like an impregnable panther through the poignantly regale paths; of the spell bindingly sunlit hills,

The most vindictive of cannibals on this Universe ludicrously failed to devour me; as I timelessly slept in the caverns of unprecedented exhilaration; enchantingly fantasizing about the fathomless treasures of solidarity; for infinite more births of

mine,

The most avaricious of parasites on this Universe lugubriously failed to suck me; as I tirelessly sang like a mellifluously golden nightingale all exotic night; only to embrace realms of profoundly unassailable sleep; the entire swelteringly sunlit day,

The most diabolical of prisons on this Universe harrowingly failed to incarcerate me; as I sailed in harmoniously princely unison with the gorgeously gregarious atmosphere; blending even the most diminutive of my senses with the religion of

symbiotically priceless mankind,

The most fetid of traitors on this Universe disparagingly failed to harm me; as I bountifully blazed in an unrelenting saga of immortal bravery; altruistically serving my sacrosanct mother soil; till I abdicated my very last breath,

The most simpering of deserts on this Universe stupidly failed to scorch me; as I celestially floated in a paradise of magnanimously unending goodness; uniting tumultuously estranged souls across this boundless planet; in the threads of irrevocably handsome truth,

The most licentious of venoms on this Universe preposterously failed to asphyxiate me; as I radiantly proliferated into a river of sensuously enamoring happiness; every unfurling minute of my diminutively delineated lifetime,

The most acrimonious of thorns on this Universe ingloriously failed to perpetuate me; as I galloped like thunderbolts of profusely vibrant lightening; through the corridors of blissfully heavenly prosperity,

The most sinister of witches on this Universe insipidly failed to jinx me; as I unconquerably permeated through even the most ephemerally treacherous norm of the acridly abhorrent society; metamorphosing every bit of salaciously derogatory

lies into the island of; blessed righteousness,

The most tumultuous of sunrays on this Universe repeatedly failed to stifle me; as I fearlessly blossomed into the most rhapsodically effulgent fruits of God's creation; since the very first cry of my beautiful birth,

The most unfathomable of superpowers on this Universe disastrously failed to tame me; as I irrefutably vanquished even the most evanescent trace of evil on this globe; philanthropically crusading for the cause of symbiotic peace; by the grace of the Almighty Lord,

The most hedonistic of maelstroms on this Universe ridiculously failed to shake me; as I exhaled into a fireball of intransigently dazzling exuberance; optimistically enlightening the lives of one and all; aristocratically alike,

The most truculent of scorpions on this Universe flagrantly failed to sting me; as I triumphantly emerged from the aisles of inconspicuously obsolete nothingness; as the ultimate harbinger of resplendently robust humanity,

The most remorseful of graveyards on this Universe stupefyingly failed to haunt me; as I culminated into the rainbow of holistically gifted existence; indefatigably kissing the freshly formed golden dew,

The most adverse of tyrannical agonies on this Universe grotesquely failed to overpower me; as I spawned into an unsurpassably benign entrenchment of

happiness; diffusing the mantra of contentment on every path that I nimbly tread,

The most devilish of deaths on this Universe dastardly failed to annihilate me; as I mushroomed into an endless festoon of eclectically wonderful lives; every

unleashing instant on this earth and beyond,

O! Yes; All of the above and incomprehensibly more was unquestionably there with me by the grace of the Omnipotent Lord; But yet I fell on her divinely feet

like a speck of frigidly parsimonious wind; But yet I uncontrollably shivered like a diminishing destitute in her perpetual palms; But yet I lost all direction

of my life in her impeccably twinkling eyes; But yet I forever surrendered myself as the ultimate slave of her immortally beating heart .

17. YOUR GODLY SWEAT

Just an infinitesimal droplet of its mesmerizing golden upon my lips; was enough to irrefutably perpetuate the corridors of ardently untamed longing in my diminutively disheveled persona,

Just an inconspicuous droplet of its enchanting golden upon my eyelashes; was enough to catapult me beyond the aisles of unprecedented fantasy; for centuries

pricelessly immemorial,

Just a mercurial droplet of its spell binding golden upon my palms; was enough to bless me as the most unconquerably symbiotic human existing; disseminating

the essence of eternal truth on every quarter of this fathomless Universe,

Just a parsimonious droplet of its glorious golden upon my tongue; was enough to celestially reinvigorate each of my drearily dying and estranged nerves; replenish my countenance with the mantra of synergistically divine existence,

Just an evanescent droplet of its exotic golden upon my cheeks; was enough to metamorphose the most traumatically tyrannized suffering of my survival;

into a rivulet of unsurpassably unending happiness,

Just an ephemeral droplet of its timeless golden upon my ears; was enough to resplendently enlighten my despondently quavering sensitivity; into a sky of

unassailably bountiful dreams,

Just a fugitive droplet of its handsome golden upon my fingers; was enough to enthrall me more iridescently than the vivaciously dancing peacocks; as if the

entire exuberance of this panoramic planet had become the whites of my impeccable eye,

Just a disappearing droplet of its stupendous golden upon my belly; was enough to unfathomably evolve me into an entrenchment of unlimited sensuousness; for

infinite more births yet to unveil,

Just an obsolete droplet of its ebullient golden upon my tongue; was enough to make me wholesomely oblivious to even the most impregnably enticing titillation on

the trajectory of this boundless Universe; profusely drowning every bone of my body into an ocean of heavenly tanginess,

Just an insipid droplet of its bounteous golden upon my shadow; was enough to limitlessly tingle me till the epitome of unparalleled voluptuousness; as I

tirelessly slavered on the slippery sand; feasting every pore of my skin in the milky moonlight,

Just a fleeting droplet of its ingratiating golden upon my nape; was enough to perennially drift me towards the cocoons of inimitably jubilant ecstasy;

every unveiling instant of my impoverished life,

Just an infidel droplet of its majestic golden upon my shoulders; was enough to beautifully transpire me to incessantly augment the threshold of my artistry;

unceasingly replenish my every bone with the countless treasures of this wonderfully holistic Universe,

Just a minuscule droplet of its rhapsodic golden upon my conscience; was enough to enrich my depravingly beleaguered existence; with the perpetually magnificent colors of unshakable solidarity,

Just an effervescent droplet of its everlasting golden upon my chest; was enough to triumphantly tantalize till even after the veritable end of my time; and as every ingredient of niceness around me withered and obnoxiously died,

Just an incongruous droplet of its emollient golden upon my foot; was enough to instill in me the insurmountably intrepid tenacity of an unflinching adventurer; as I patriotically blazed like an inferno of scintillating righteousness; upon every prejudiced trace of the devil,

Just an inarticulate droplet of its supreme golden upon my soul; was enough to make me ardently persevere for the cause of benevolent humanity; decimate even the most frigid speck of indiscriminate racialism; forever and ever and ever from

this innocuously vivid planet,

Just a fugacious droplet of its ever-pervading golden upon my nostrils; was enough for me to assimilate all felicity of a limitless more lifetimes; exist as an undefeated prince even in the most satanically devilish of winds,

Just an obfuscated droplet of its poignant golden upon my heart; was enough for me to fathomlessly feel the astounding freshness of life to its most indomitable fullest; palpitate more thunderously than the unequivocal clouds; now for the ultimate love of my life,

O! Yes; such was the Omnipotent power of just that ethereally vanishing droplet of heavenliness that dribbled from your newly wedded skin; such was the incomprehensibly eternal fragrance of just that incoherent droplet which oozed from your immaculate arms; such was the efficacious effulgence of just that tiny droplet of your Godly sweat

18. WHAT I WAS UNCONQUERABLY SURE ABOUT

What tomorrow would bring for me in its exhilaratingly blissful winds; I didn't care; nor did have even the tiniest of longing to know,

But what I was unconquerably sure about was that; each ingredient of my emaciated eye ardently wanted towitness your divinely silhouette this very moment; without the slightest of hindrance in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its graciously bountiful lap; I didn't care; nor did have even the most diminutive of longing to know,

But what I was unassailably sure about was that; each droplet of my trembling blood fervently wanted to blend with your philanthropically handsome goodness this very moment; without the slightest of impediments in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its ingratiatingly inexplicable horizons; I didn't care; nor did have even the most parsimonious of longing to know,

But what I was unfathomably sure about was that; each line of my impoverished palm insatiably wanted to entwine with your majestically unfurling life this very moment; without the slightest of darkness in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its royally resplendent swirl; I didn't care; nor did have even the most mercurial of longing to know,

But what I was invincibly sure about was that; each cracked contour of my lips triumphantly wanted to intermingle with your sensuously iridescent senses this very moment; without the slightest of morass in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its enigmatically philandering breath; I didn't care; nor did have even the most remote longing to know,

But what I was boundlessly sure about was that; each vein of my abysmally faltering legs zanily wanted to coalesce with your benevolently humanitarian stride this very moment; without the slightest of duress in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its celestially vibrant fabric; I didn't care; nor did have even the most oblivious longing to know,

But what I was indefatigably sure about was that; each chord of my preposterously scorched throat tumultuously wanted to slaver your Samaritan sweetness this very moment; without the slightest of treachery in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its vividly coruscated dawn; I didn't care; nor did have even the most cloistered of longing to know,

But what I was impregnably sure about was that; each miserably bereaved bone of mine unrelentingly wanted the compassionate caress of your magical palms this

very moment; without the slightest of embroilment in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its spell bindingly enamoring resplendence; I didn't care; nor did have even the most insipid of longing to know,

But what I was limitlessly sure about was that; each sordidly estranged pore of my flesh perennially wanted to bond with your rhapsodic melody this very moment;

without the slightest of bedlam in between and the recital of NO .

What tomorrow would bring for me in its enchantingly fragrant corridor; I didn't care; nor did have even the most infidel of longing to know,

But what I was fathomlessly sure about was that; each devastatingly diminishing breath of mine perpetually wanted to entwine with your altruistically fearless

life this very moment; without the slightest of inhibition in between and the recital of NO .

And what tomorrow would bring for me in its redolently euphoric wave; I didn't care; nor did have even the most ephemeral of longing to know,

But what I was supremely sure about was that; each beat of my gratuitously feckless heart immortally wanted to entrench with your love this very moment; without the slightest of hesitation in between and the recital of NO .

19. PLEASE DON'T EVER LEAVE ME

Even if you didn't glimpse an infinitesimal iota towards me the entire sweltering day; neglecting me like a chunk of threadbare shit; as you wholeheartedly flirted with your surreptitious paramour right in front of my eyes,

Even if you didn't appreciate my worldclass accomplishments an inconspicuous trifle; sadistically preferring to feed the wood on my scintillating trophies; to your fleet of obnoxiously indolent termites,

Even if you didn't cuddle my innocuously trembling chin an infidel bit; blasphemously drenching my impoverished persona with acrimonious cauldrons of

diabolical acid,

Even if you didn't clap for me the slightest as I triumphantly kissed the glorious pinnacles of Everest; ignominiously ridiculed me for looking like a frigid scarecrow; from the point where she sighted me on robust earth,

Even if you didn't kiss me on my passionately slavering cheeks; satanically diverting all gruesomely grisly lizards of the house; to insidiously crawl on them instead,

Even if you didn't mischievously cavort with me through the bountifully sun soaked hills; truculently lambasting my nimbly shivering skin with whiplashes of devilish hatred instead,

Even if you didn't regally cajole me in my times of disparagingly deteriorating duress; using my tears instead of table salt; for titillating your spuriously roasted meat; instead,

Even if you didn't rejoice with me as I assimilated every speck of celestial enlightenment on the trajectory of this fathomless Universe; heinously

preferring to clandestinely gallop with ghoulish corpses in sinister darkness; instead,

Even if you didn't respect the most benevolent of my deeds an ephemeral trace; saluting the lascivious dungeon of sleazy parasites with profound admiration in your eyes; instead,

Even if you didn't pay heed to the most despairingly traumatic of my cries; uninhibitedly dancing to the tunes of my horrific agony; violently smooching your

boyfriend; instead,

Even if you didn't empathize the tiniest with my overwhelmingly dreary bones after I acridly faced the onslaught of the remorsefully manipulative society;

gagging a mortuary of torching needles into my mouth as I holistically snored,

Even if you didn't fantasize about my regally brandishing sword and patriotic scepter; ludicrously chortling your breath out; as I valiantly stepped into the rampaging battlefield; to defend my very own sacrosanct motherland,

Even if you didn't relentlessly walk by my side as I trespassed through all the good and sordidly bad in life; vengefully laid the most lecherously bawdy barricades in every of my advancing paths; instead,

Even if you didn't cook tantalizing morsels of food for my miserably emaciated stomach; ruthlessly extricated my mass of intricately poignant intestines; to feed the cacophonically wailing eunuchs outside; instead,

Even if you didn't mesmerize my uxoriously livid nerves with mellifluously ebullient sound; mercilessly left the horde of salaciously victimizing wolves upon my naked flesh; when I was snoozing; instead,

Even if you didn't believe one bit in the most sagaciously righteous of my preachings; maliciously blowing the rambunctiously blowing horns of your car full throttle; the instant I attempted to open my nimble mouth,

Even if you didn't like it an evanescent speck if I took your name; barbarously slashed the rosy pink of my lips with the malevolently prejudiced butcher's knife; if I dared to praise your enamoring countenance,

Even if you didn't respect me an ethereal iota for all my immortally compassionate love; tirelessly kept expurgating your feces upon my skull; envisaging it to be your favorite lavatory seat,

Nevertheless; Your mere presence itself has and will forever inspire me; making me feel the most pricelessly blessed entity alive; miraculously metamorphosing every element of my grief into a paradise of unconquerable happiness,

So therefore it is my humble request to you O! eternal beloved; execute whatever conceivable torture you could upon my diminutive persona; crucify me with all

the badness that exists on this Universe; blind me with all the hatred in your life; but please don't leave me to lead a life more penalizing than death; please don't ever leave me.

20. NO EXPERIMENTATION

I indefatigably experimented with my clothes; at times aimlessly wandering in skimpily bedraggled shorts; while at times majestically embellishing even the most lackadaisical bone of my impoverished body; with a paradise of unendingly coruscating satin,

I unrelentingly experimented with my food; at times plaintively surviving on inconspicuously threadbare morsels of dolorous bread; while at times regally

titillating my emaciated taste buds with Imperial slices of Italian cheese and sensuously exotic champagne,

I limitlessly experimented with my dwelling; at times ludicrously residing in preposterously stinking gutter pipes; while at times enchantingly snoring in castles

of exquisitely Oriental gold and resplendently twinkling pearls,

I tirelessly experimented with my makeup's; at times coating my diminutively trembling skin with sleazily libidinous mascara; while at times vivaciously

painting my entire visage with celestially voluptuous blackberry juice,

I relentlessly experimented with my slang's; at times conversing in an incongruously unruly rustic accent which only the dogs could understand; while at times

unassailably silencing one and all on this gigantic planet; with the power of my eloquently mesmerizing speech,

I unfathomably experimented with my temperament's; at times laconically floating like a cadaverously silent graveyard in the aisles of insipid nothingness; while

at times tempestuously fulminating into a boundless cosmos of insatiably heart-rendering passion,

I incessantly experimented with my footwear; at times nonchalantly trespassing through the eccentrically skewed dungeons barefoot; while at times encapsulating

my ebulliently protruding toes; with the most exorbitantly supreme snake leather skins,

I continuously experimented with my perfumes; at times smudging every speck of my languishing demeanor with a bizarre concoction of tomatoes and indolent mushrooms; while at times bathing in a heavenly pond of blissful musk till times immemorial,

I unstoppably experimented with my languages; at times fanatically absorbing myself into the fathomless literary volumes of my very own native tongue; while

at times ubiquitously disseminating the essence of global peace and eternal brotherhood in; iridescently International English,

I unlimitedly experimented with my toothbrushes; at times ruthlessly brushing across the consortium of my decaying yellow with stringently inclement tree twigs; while at times using a myriad of contemporarily world class brands to bounteously enlighten the bedraggled cavities in my mouth,

I zanily experimented with my smells; at times disastrously snoozing the entire day inhaling squalidly rebuked attic air; while at times triumphantly dancing till spaces beyond eternity; to the redolently mesmerizing scent of the divinely atmosphere,

I unsparingly experimented with my women; at times losing all interest in life with girls full of sardonically barbarous criticism; while at times jubilantly dancing with the ultimate nubile angels having descended from the lap of beautifully blessed

heaven,

I countlessly experimented with my jewelry; at times wearing esoterically jinxed necklace's of gruesomely infidel bones; while at times handsomely draping my

shivering persona with aristocratically poignant cascades of brilliant diamond,

I ardently experimented with my desires; at times withering away like a stoically feckless leaf even in the most spellbindingly rhapsodic of winds; while at

times uncontrollably spawning into a thunderbolt of insuperably blistering passion; swiping every trajectory of mother earth with everlastingly unfettered energy,

I obsessively experimented with my colors; at times choosing the most dirties shade of brown to woefully lambaste my penalizing coffin; while at times blossoming into eclectic rainbows of glorious prosperity; for infinite more births of mine yet to

unveil,

I unceasingly experimented with my titillations; at times using monotonous rockets of fretful paper to stimulate my treacherously dying pores; while at times wonderfully assimilating the most panoramically exotic treasures of this earth; to blend with the invincible enthuse of my bloodstreams,

I timelessly experimented with my fantasies; at times tyrannically envisaging only about matchbox shaped corporate offices with potbellied tycoons wasting

marathon hours in sonorous cigar smoke and the robotically disdainful mobile phone; while at times intransigently dreaming all day and night about the

chapters of enriching proliferation and philanthropic goodness on the fabric of this gigantic Universe,

I uninhibitedly experimented with my philosophies; at times conceiving the prejudiced manipulation was quintessential to exist amidst the pack of

horrifically bloodsucking wolves today; while at times pioneering the mantra of selfless sacrifice in even the most mercurial quarter of this world,

And if there was indeed one thing on this planet; which I never did or would ever want to experiment with; then it was our immortal love; for my heart was

forever yours O! Godly Beloved; right since the time it first euphorically leapt out for you; and till the time death do us apart; without the slightest of baffling experimentation in between .

21. JUST SO THAT

I endlessly kept committing a pathetic graveyard of flagrant idiosyncrasies; just so that you could correct me; with the eternally magical righteousness in your bountiful voice,

I endlessly kept tossing and turning on the coldbloodedly laconic floor; just so that you could put me to heavenly sleep; with the compassionately timeless sensuousness in your tantalizing fingers,

I endlessly kept speaking derogatorily insipid lies; just so that you could Omnipotently enlighten me; with the essence of unassailably glorious truth in your

unflinching stride,

I endlessly kept myself egregiously emaciated; just so that you could majestically placate my every desire; with the fortress of invincible camaraderie in your

impeccable eyes,

I endlessly kept nonchalantly staring at meaningless bits of barren sky; just so that you could stupefy me to the most unprecedented limits; with the mesmerizing

cadence in your magnetic senses,

I endlessly kept maliciously abusing whosoever I encountered in my way; just so that you could teach me to be civilized; with the principles of priceless humanity ubiquitously disseminating from your every breath,

I endlessly kept fretting and fuming at everything that was laid my way; just so that you could marvelously quell all my lunatic restlessness; with the regally silken charisma of your soul,

I endlessly kept executing the most abashing of spelling mistakes; just so that you could aristocratically enrich me; with your insuperably magnificent power of linguistics,

I endlessly kept myself drearily dirty and languishing like a chunk of insipid shit; just so that you could rejuvenate even the most infinitesimal of my traumatized senses; with the insatiable exuberance in your victorious leap,

I endlessly kept bruising myself without the slightest rhyme or reason; just so that you could perennially anoint my disastrously slavering wounds; with the religion of impregnable humanity in your divinely palms,

I endlessly kept agnostically repenting every beautiful moment of my life; just so that you could ingratiatingly drift me towards the skies of the unconquerably Omniscient Lord; with your spirit of patriotically blazing freedom,

I endlessly kept impudently slandering my revered elders; just so that you could royally mitigate me from the crutches of crucifying mercilessness; with the unbelievably altruistic tranquility enshrouding your humble existence,

I endlessly kept ridiculing the most handsomely symbiotic ideals of creation; just so that you could make me blend with the celestial rudiments of my creation; with the goodness of your magnanimously sacred spontaneity,

I endlessly kept skeptically surmising about even the most harmonious of saints; just so that you could beautifully filter the acrimonious dirt from my mind; with your undauntedly untamed conviction,

I endlessly kept sadistically victimizing my own self; just so that you could perpetually guide me towards the most wonderfully replenishing salvation of my life; with the carpet of your resplendently embellished desires,

I endlessly kept uncontrollably shivering under the deathly chill of the scurrilously vindictive night; just so that you could entwine me in your splendidly humanitarian warmth; with the inferno of boundless desire rampantly simmering in every pore of your skin,

I endlessly kept preposterously indulging myself into a plethora of imperiling vices; just so that you could metamorphose my entire personality into that of a

synergistically innocuous organism; with the mantra of ebullient triumph radiating unstoppably from your eyelashes,

I endlessly kept forgetting even the most quintessentially vital things; just so that you could pamper the child in me to the most unfathomable fullest; inundate my diminutively impoverished life with the limitless happiness in your everlasting soul,

And I endlessly kept trying to extinguish every speck of my beleaguered existence; just so that you could incarcerate my penuriously quavering senses in the

entrenchment of your immortally blessing love; blissfully uniting our lives in holy matrimony; for times even after infinite more births of ours yet to come .

22. MY LIFE WITHOUT YOU

My life without you; was like the resplendently exotic rose left disdainfully estranged; amidst an acrimonious battalion of ballistically pugnacious cactus,

My life without you; was like the brilliantly vibrant eye left penuriously staggering; amidst a venomous graveyard of invidiously sinister darkness,

My life without you; was like the astoundingly aristocratic Sun left miserably sulking; behind a treacherously penalizing coffin of shaggily disheveled and adulterated clouds,

My life without you; was like the regally bountiful pearls left inexorably fretting; in the sordidly gory interiors of the raunchily fetid gutter pipe,

My life without you; was like the exuberantly triumphant bird left hopelessly wailing; behind the diabolically victimizing and satanically gleaming prison bars,

My life without you; was like the pinnacle of the unassailable mountain left dreadfully defeated; under a frigidly threadbare avalanche of feckless ice,

My life without you; was like the patriotically blazing warrior left relentlessly cursing his luck; amidst the manipulatively parasitic politicians,

My life without you; was like the euphorically victorious ocean left to lugubriously slaver; amidst the dastardly cockroaches of the diminutively soiled lavatory seat,

My life without you; was like the fantastically eclectic artist left to unstoppably asphyxiate; obnoxiously imprisoned within the walls of the monotonously matchbox shaped and wastrel office,

My life without you; was like the newly embellished bride left hysterically sobbing; amidst insurmountably punitive layers of cadaverously widowed white,

My life without you; was like the blissfully wedded couple left to enjoy their iridescent honeymoon; amidst the rambunctiously dusty and discordantly begging streets,

My life without you; was like the intrepidly young man left to miserably deteriorate; amidst heavy numbered glasses; forlorn crutches and a bedraggled walking stick,

My life without you; was like timelessly ticking clock left to vindictively weep; amidst the infinitesimally worthless dwelling of the invisible ghosts,

My life without you; was like the exquisitely redolent and feather tipped pen left to become delirious; amidst the mordantly corrugated periphery of the jaggedly cold-hearted rocks,

My life without you; was like the unflinchingly handsome panther left to disparagingly growl; amidst lackluster blades of nimbly vegetarian and teasingly evanescent grass,

My life without you; was like the unfathomably mellifluous nightingale left to bang its beak; amidst the brutally stuttering horde of the hedonistically stone deaf,

My life without you; was like irrefutably scintillating truth and humanity left to march; in the land of the ignominiously scurrilous and baselessly devilish hell,

My life without you; was like rhapsodically insatiable breath left to perniciously wither; under the hood of the dolorously damned and strangulating coffin of extinction,

And my life without you O! Eternal beloved; was like the passionately immortal heart heartlessly left; amidst the sadistically unsavory scorpions of severely jinxed betrayal .

23. NO POWER EVER BORN

They could perhaps ruthlessly snatch our eyes; horrifically blinding us with their derogatory barbarism; for the remainder of our impoverished lives,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the unfathomable whirlpools of compassionate empathy; that we harbored for each other; in our everlastingly insuperable and brilliant hearts .

They could perhaps mercilessly snatch our ears; lecherously annihilating them from our face; with their satanically blood stained swords,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the unprecedented fascination that we harbored for each other; in our bountifully timeless and philanthropic hearts .

They could perhaps indiscriminately snatch our bellies; deliriously extricating even the last bit of our intricately blissful intestines,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the insurmountable magnetism that we harbored for each other; in our beautifully vivid and eclectic hearts .

They could perhaps perfidiously snatch our legs; tyrannically incarcerating and maiming us in chains of maliciously unending torture; till the time we relinquished our last breath,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the inexorable passion that we harbored for each other; in our resplendently twinkling and unconquerable hearts .

They could perhaps lethally snatch all our dreams; truculently bludgeoning our brains on coldblooded rock; replenishing their parasitic stomachs with the gruesomely grotesque and pulverized curry,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the unflinching solidarity that we harbored for each other; in our iridescently burgeoning and panoramic hearts .

They could perhaps irascibly snatch our arms; hedonistically forcing us to discordantly beg on the threadbare streets; so that their pockets perennially

glittered with sanctimoniously sleazy silk and gold,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the tirelessly ardent longing that we harbored for each other; in our gloriously effulgent and diligent hearts .

They could perhaps salaciously snatch our smiles; venomously infiltrating even the most inconspicuous iota of our happiness; with perverted mortuaries of

uxoriously sadistic prejudice,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the majestically royal camaraderie that we harbored for each other; in our sensuously galloping and impeccable hearts .

They could perhaps brutally snatch our shadows; ignominiously extraditing us from the civilization outside; just to lick the floors of their already spick and span dwelling,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the spirit of sacrifice that we harbored for each other; in our passionately impregnable and unparalleled hearts .

And they could perhaps gorily snatch our wealth; rendering us to stagger in the aisles of uncouth nothingness; while they spuriously cavorted in the glory of our perseveringly righteous prosperity,

But there was no power ever born on earth and sky except the Almighty Divine; who could snatch the immortally inimitable love that we harbored for each other; in our magnetically bonded and celestial hearts .

24. RELAX

RELAX. Let the whole world outside crazily Run. As you're the only one who's eventually destined to bond with her perpetually sacrosanct fragrance; by the

grace of the Omnisciently Almighty Lord,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside desperately Run. As you're the only one with whom she had insatiably desired to bond; since the very first cry of her everlastingly mesmerizing birth,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside bizarrely Run. As you're the only one who care's for her; more than anyone else on this gigantic earth could ever cogitate; or ever could,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside pugnaciously Run. As you're the only one whom she unrelentingly fantasized about; all blisteringly sunlit day and

every unfurling minute past the heart of fantastically voluptuous midnight,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside disastrously Run. As you're the only one whom she congenitally likes to court; keep perennially embedded as the most priceless jewel in the center of her impeccable eyes,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside ludicrously Run. As you're the only one who's dedicated to even the most infinitesimally fugacious cause of her vibrant life;

embracing every obnoxious impediment that came her way without a tear in your victorious eye,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside lunatically Run. As you're the only one whom she intransigently prayed for since she emanated her very first breath; immortalizing you as her eternal mate even before her brain had the power to think,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside fanatically Run. As you're the only one whom she tirelessly sketched on the pristine seas shores; even as the truculent waves

irritatingly swiped your impressions umpteenth times in a single minute,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside disparagingly Run. As you're the only one whom she considered as revered as her godly parents; to bountifully harness the

chapter of her iridescently beautiful life,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside deliriously Run. As you're the only one whom she indefatigably serenaded; even as the most hedonistically torrential of maelstroms; lambasted the earth from every construable side and space,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside preposterously Run. As you're the only one whom she irrefutably considered her every destiny line; the fascinating litany of

events timelessly unveiling in her blessed life,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside egregiously Run. As you're the only one whose name she chanted even in the realms of unconsciously deep sleep; Omnisciently

witnessing your portrait in every goodness that she poignantly caressed,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside insipidly Run. As you're the only one whom she unflinchingly patronized; even as corpses of bawdily indescribable savagery

asphyxiated her from all sides,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside baselessly Run. As you're the only one whom she envisaged as the ultimate prince of her destitute life; unassailably enlightening the lamps of her fretfully withering existence,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside superfluously Run. As you're the only one whom she sensuously cavorted with in every wink that she mischievously took,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside remorsefully Run. As you're the only one whom she marvelously solemnized for your articulately astounding versatility;

insuperably blending with the blood that flowed through your artistic veins,

RELAX. Let the whole world outside fecklessly Run. As you're the only one whom she impregnably wanted to be a quintessential ingredient of her existence; the

pinnacle of successful fragrance in her truncated life,

RELAX. Let the whole world tyrannically Run outside. As you're the only one whom she had perpetually coalesced with even the most mercurial breath that she

diffused; for infinite more births yet to unleash,

And RELAX. Let the whole world barbarously Run outside. As you're the only one whom she had immortally given all her heart and love to; unconquerably enveloping herself in your embrace so passionate; that even the God's considered it sinful

to break .

25. REMARRIAGE

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the majestically tantalizing shadow; of my eternally enchanting wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the impeccably embellished smile; of my bountifully spawning wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the Omnipotently blazing stride; of my amiably enthralling wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the unflinchingly altruistic solidarity; of my compassionately cuddling wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the ingratiatingly fantastic charisma; of my eclectically panoramic wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the Omnisciently exotic splendor; of my immaculately heavenly wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the ubiquitously unending timelessness; of my exhilaratingly ebullient wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the philanthropically benign graciousness; of my ecstatically triumphant wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the jubilantly spell binding vivaciousness; of my astoundingly sacred wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the boundless fascinating fantasies; of my iridescently perennial wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the euphorically vivid aura; of my sensuously celestial wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the intrepidly brazen chested spirit; of my ecumenically effulgent wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the profoundly intoxicating enigma; of my limitlessly enthusing wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the exultatingly marvelous fragrance; of my gloriously mysterious wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the beautifully vibrant synergy; of my fantastically humanitarian wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the symbiotically harmonious ramifications; of my congenially intriguing wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the irrefutably unassailable transparency; of my charmingly mellifluous wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the romantically blessing breath; of my innovatively princely wife; once again,

O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the unshakably godly demeanor; of my pristinely piquant wife; once again,

And O! Yes; I was wholeheartedly prepared to remarry an infinite times; but only with the unconquerably immortal heart; of my unabashedly loving wife; once again .

26. ON THE STATION OF LOVE

The train of profoundly spine tingling mysticism stopped only on the station; of astoundingly fantastic and uncannily tantalizing bewilderment,

The train of symbiotically coalescing philanthropism stopped only on the station; of eternally resplendent and timelessly bountiful mankind,

The train of poignantly unending compassion stopped only on the station; of perpetually unshakable and gloriously unconquerable friendship,

The train of blazingly truthful expression stopped only on the station; of majestically blissful and implacably kingly artistry,

The train of altruistically uninhibited sharing stopped only on the station; of perennially burgeoning and euphorically triumphant happiness,

The train of mischievously philandering flirtation stopped only on the station; of enchantingly ebullient and serendipitously clandestine seduction,

The train of unflinchingly intrepid bravery stopped only on the station; of boundlessly revered and unconquerable immortality,

The train of panoramically eclectic beauty stopped only on the station; of stupendously benevolent and undefeated graciousness,

The train of Omnipotently scintillating optimism stopped only on the station; of gloriously embellished and impregnably inimitable victory,

The train of intransigently exploring intrigue stopped only on the station; of ingratiatingly mesmerizing and ecstatically vibrant innovation,

The train of synergistically united existence stopped only on the station; of irrefutably invincible and jubilantly unlimited righteousness,

The train of divinely sacrosanct worship stopped only on the station; of congenitally blessed and indomitably Omniscient motherhood,

The train of beautifully unblemished sacrifice stopped only on the station; of profusely fascinating and unsurpassably regale benevolence,

The train of harmoniously creative energy stopped only on the station; of vividly burgeoning and immaculately unassailable newness,

The train of insatiably untamed passion stopped only on the station; of unequivocally limitless and fantastically effulgent embrace,

The train of innocently heart rendering playfulness stopped only on the station; of unrestrictedly iridescent and gorgeously oblivious childhood,

The train of indefatigably experimenting style stopped only on the station; of radiantly fructifying and ubiquitously blossoming freshness,

The train of Omnipotently blessed life stopped only on the station; of bounteously spawning and magically unfurling adventure,

And train of unstoppably throbbing hearts stopped only on the station; of immortally godly and wonderfully uninhibited love .

27. IMMORTALLY OVERPOWERING

Immortally overpowering; were her majestically seductive and ingratiating lips; over the lackadaisically chapped contours; which were diminutively mine,

Immortally overpowering; were her tantalizingly ravishing and swirling hair; over the uncontrollably trembling scalp; which was parsimoniously mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her stupendously fragrant and bountiful belly; over the insatiably starved folds; which were humbly mine,

Immortally overpowering; were her poignantly crimson and Omnipotent cheeks; over the pathetically freckled skin; which was stingily mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her celestially mellifluous and rhapsodic voice; over the uncannily quavering cadence; which was miserly mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her fantastically embellished and articulate neck; over the ruggedly penurious flesh; which was emaciatingly mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her royally philanthropic and timeless graciousness; over the rampantly vacillating emotions; which were quintessentially mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her irrefutably insuperable and unflinching faith; over the fabric of untamed sensuality; which was ethereally mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her enchantingly spell bindingly and glorious fragrance; over the onerously oozing armpits; which were intricately mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her charismatically magical and unassailable grace; over the incessantly shivering goose-bumps; which were nostalgically mine,

Immortally overpowering; were her fascinatingly dangling and immaculate earlobes; over the obsoletely deafened senses; which were minutely mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her divinely mesmerizing and vivacious dance; over the profusely famished rhythm; which was nonchalantly mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her beautifully heavenly and enigmatic shadow; over the desolately destitute stride; which was haplessly mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her benevolently egalitarian and sacrosanct humanity; over the maliciously manipulated whisper; which was sleazily mine,

Immortally overpowering; were her miraculously healing and unconquerable feet; over the nervously skittish uncertainty; which was sporadically mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her blazingly altruistic and self made destiny lines; over the despicably withering frigidity; which was hopelessly mine,

Immortally overpowering; were her magnanimously bestowing and patriotic shoulders; over the tumultuously proliferating uncanniness; which was inherently mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her intransigently righteous and innocuous conscience; over the web of derogatory malice; which was forcibly mine,

Immortally overpowering; was her magnetically invincible and Omniscient breath; over the unsurpassably asphyxiating hollowness; which was truculently mine,

And Immortally overpowering; was her perpetually magnificent and endless love; over the preposterously diminishing heart; which was ungainly mine .

28. IF YOU REALLY LOVED HER

Don't try to ruthlessly imprison her majestic eyes; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally ooze uninhibited rivulets of insurmountably ecstatic and bountiful empathy; solely for you instead,

Don't try to baselessly imprison her poignant lips; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally fulminate into a festoon of compassionately eternal and vibrant smiles; solely for you instead,

Don't try to derogatorily imprison her bountiful cheeks; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally twinkle into an astoundingly effulgent and fructifying camaraderie; solely for you instead,

Don't try to maliciously imprison her spell binding eyelids; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally flutter into an unfathomable gorge of irrefutable adulation; solely for you instead,

Don't try to abhorrently imprison her unflinching footsteps; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally advance like avalanches of unfettered and unconquerable passion; solely for you instead,

Don't try to truculently imprison her sensuous shadow; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally grope like an eternally silken and nubile princess; solely for you instead,

Don't try to diabolically imprison her harmonious thoughts; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally tower like the clouds of mesmerizing and supreme timelessness; solely for you instead,

Don't try to perniciously imprison her regale smiles; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally flow in a river of impregnable and priceless solidarity; solely for you instead,

Don't try to disastrously imprison her altruistic identity; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally blaze into a fathomless sky of Omnipotent and everlasting shine; solely for you instead,

Don't try to hedonistically imprison her mellifluous voice; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally sing an unsurpassable entrenchment of amiably bonding and effervescent rhyme; solely for you instead,

Don't try to savagely imprison her ecstatic sweat; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally exude into a fountain of fantastic and enigmatic vivaciousness; solely for you instead,

Don't try to bizarrely imprison her heavenly fingers; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally grope into whirlwinds of uncontrollably untamed and implacable passion; solely for you instead,

Don't try to satanically imprison her egalitarian neck; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally attune itself towards a fortress of invincibly magnificent and fearless solidarity; solely for you instead,

Don't try to treacherously imprison her ravishing senses; if you really loved her; let them free; let them naturally cavort ebulliently and in insatiable energy; solely for you instead,

Don't try to hedonistically imprison her impeccable conscience; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally spawn into a sky of euphorically triumphant and blessed righteousness; solely for you instead,

Don't try to salaciously imprison her unparalleled exuberance; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally evolve into an incomprehensibly gorgeous reservoir of victorious exultation; solely for you instead,

Don't try to brutally imprison her unequivocal freedom; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally bounce in every construable and panoramically exotic direction; solely for you instead,

Don't try to dictatorially imprison her celestial breath; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally waft till times beyond infinite infinity and tirelessly; solely for you instead,

Don't try to devilishly imprison her unblemished pristinity; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally yearn and sizzle in royally intransigent desire; solely for you instead,

And don't try to chauvinistically imprison her immortal heart; if you really loved her; let it free; let it naturally liberate and endlessly throb; solely for you instead .

29. SAME REQUIREMENT

Different requirements of food for infinite stomachs; some preferring gargantuan mountains of ingratiatingly appeasing fruit; while some blissfully satiating themselves with rustically plain bread and brine,

Different requirements of bravery for infinite chests; some preferring Herculean amounts of unflinching fortitude; while some wholesomely content whiling away

their lives in the realms of disdainfully dastardly dilapidation,

Different requirements of empathy for infinite souls; some preferring to be uncontrollably deluged with the chapters of compassionately eternal togetherness;

while some wanting to be let obnoxiously aloof even as maelstroms of hell vindictively blended with the trajectory of earth,

Different requirements of embellishment for infinite demeanor's; some preferring to be profusely adorned with unfathomably iridescent jewelry; while some loving to be left obsoletely plaintive on the lackadaisically barren hills,

Different requirements of hearing for infinite ears; some preferring to be indefatigably enshrouded with naturally enchanting rhyme; while some wanting to

tirelessly lambaste themselves with thunderouslyunending euphoria of the sleazy discotheque,

Different requirements of moisture for infinite eyeballs; some preferring to be amiably flooded with unsurpassable rivers of celestially sparkling moisture; while some phlegmatically shrugging apart the excess liquid into wisps of insipid nothingness,

Different requirements of strength for infinite shoulders; some preferring to embrace the whirlwinds of boundlessly augmenting tenacity; while some wanting to languish in dungeons of moderate timidness; for the remainder of their lives,

Different requirements of hair for infinite scalps; some preferring to be relentlessly enshrouded with silken carpets of unsurpassable black; while some utterly disdainful about unruly outgrowths projecting sanctimoniously from their heads,

Different requirements of blood for infinite skins; some preferring a turbulently uninhibited catharsis of it incessantly in their body; while some wanting the wonderfully scarlet elixir to serenely flow like fading sunshine,

Different requirements of fantasy for infinite brains; some preferring to panoramically dream about even the most diminutively capricious element of existence; while some austerely incarcerating their minds in graveyards of abhorrently manipulative monotony,

Different requirements of destinies for infinite palms; some preferring to have an astoundingly insurmountable repertoire of forks and lines on the back of their hand; while some insatiable desirous of a life more plainer than the horrendously flat hills,

Different requirements of voice for infinite throats; some preferring to fulminate into an exuberantly unending and evergreen song every unfurling minute of the day; while some more inclined towards a nonchalantly laconic reverie; even as life didn't give

them a second chance,

Different requirements of air for different armpits; some preferring an intransigently endless blast of ebulliently reinvigorating breeze till the very last step of existence; while some inexorably wanting to break into tornado's of cold-bloodedly insane sweat,

Different requirements of saliva for different mouths; some preferring to incessantly slaver into fructifying whirlpools of untamed ecstasy; while some wanting

themselves as dry as horrifically grassless and squelched charcoal,

Different requirements of truth for different conscience's; some preferring to irrefutably blaze into an insuperable inferno of righteousness for infinite more births yet to unveil; while some inevitably falling prey to the corpse of scurrilously

invidious lies,

Different requirements of flirtation for infinite eyelashes; some preferring to mischievously culminate into a flurry of surreptitious winks every now and

again; while some reticently agglutinated to the brow in dogmatic sternness and indomitable concentration,

Different requirements of breath for infinite nostrils; some preferring to effulgently inhale as much of resplendent air as conceivable on this Universe till the time majestic life palpitated; while some deliriously snapping the very fangs of existence;

with their very own parasitically deleterious hands,

But same requirement of immortal love for infinite organisms; with every religion; caste; creed; color; sect and tribe limitlessly wanting to encompass every step that they alighted with its Omnipotently heavenly radiance; limitlessly wanting to make its vividly majestic rhythm the sole beats of their impoverished lives .

30. WILL NEVER LOSE

The Sun might slowly and slowly lose all its ferociously blazing rays; remorsefully withering behind the languid horizons; for times immemorial,

The stars might slowly and slowly lose all their scintillating shimmer; eventually appearing as nonchalantly lackadaisical stones in the firmament of fathomlessly barren sky,

The oceans might slowly and slowly lose all their ravishingly tangy salt; sullenly metamorphosing into boundless kilometers of corrugated dry rubble and

worthlessly invidious sand,

The deserts might slowly and slowly lose all their regally fascinating majesty; disdainfully transforming into obsolete mirages of derogatorily dilapidated

despondence,

The mountains might slowly and slowly lose all their unconquerably shimmering peaks; being transited into capriciously fugitive dust; as ghastly earthquakes

tumultuously plundered them,

The roses might slowly and slowly lose all their enchantingly enamoring redolence; limply shedding all their bountifully burgeoning petals into a livid heap; for the wastrel parasites to devour,

The forests might slowly and slowly lose all their enigmatically jubilant trees; ludicrously shriveling into a cadaverously macabre heap; as the onslaught of

inclement drought austerely tightened its pugnacious grip,

The Moon might slowly and slowly lose all its resplendently milky shimmer; eventually succumbing like a diminutive mosquito; to the thunderously

diabolical conglomerate of obnoxiously grey clouds,

The soldier might slowly and slowly lose all his irrefutably dazzling integrity; uxoriously yieldingthe secrets of his motherland; in order to save his skin from hedonistically indescribable torture,

The nightingale might slowly and slowly lose all its astoundingly mellifluous charisma; pathetically plummeting into an eternal slumber out of sheer tiredness; even as the atmosphere outside died a billion times every minute; without its golden voice,

The mirror might slowly and slowly lose all its unequivocally righteous sparkle; shattering into an infinite pieces of grotesquely cacophonic distortion; at the slightest cry of the satanically rampaging devil,

The fortress might slowly and slowly lose all its invincibly Herculean strength; obnoxiously crumbling like a pack of frigidly lugubrious cards; as its foundations inexplicably gave away,

The sky might slowly and slowly lose all its beautifully iridescent effulgence; being horrifically adulterated by monotonously venomous spacecrafts and indiscriminately pulverizing missiles,

The bones might slowly and slowly lose all their unflinchingly altruistic tenacity; eventually falling a lame prey to the vagaries of the maliciously parasitic and ruthlessly conventional society,

The clocks might slowly and slowly lose all their meticulously fantastic essence of time; as the electric pace of maligned viciousness in the colossal planet today; insatiably overshadowed them with their bane,

The clouds might slowly and slowly lose all their voluptuously tantalizing moisture; dreadfully vanishing into the corpses of insipidly fretful meaninglessness; as the blanket of panoramically fructifying green disappeared from the trajectory of this fathomless Universe,

The conscience might slowly and slowly lose all its magnificently aristocratic armor of spell binding truth; to inevitably survive amidst the pack of vengefully marauding and manipulatively decrepit wolves,

The nostril might slowly and slowly lose all its vivaciously exuberant breath; with the graveyards of truculently penalizing death perniciously creeping in from every conceivable side,

But come what may; the doors of my passionately fulminating heart will always be open for you ; and even if I had to take an infinite births yet again; I will never lose even an evanescent iota of my patience; I will forever wait for you; you and till

the time you make me your breath; forever make me only you .

31. I'D DEFINITELY COMMIT SUICIDE

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was infertile; not able to bear my innocuously blissful progeny till the time she existed,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was preposterously maimed; with her severely mutilated feet; not even able to move an infinitesimally ethereal inch ahead,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was cannibalistically non-vegetarian; excoriating apart through impeccable sheep and chicken; to mollify her rapaciously thunderous gluttony,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was disgustingly dumb; not able to transcend past the oundaries of junior school; even after an infinite attempts,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was surreptitiously criminal; malevolently coalescing with atrociously vulgar smugglers; to catapult to

unprecedentedly dizzy heights of stardom,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was stone deaf; not able to hear the most ferocious thunderballs of desperation emanating from her throat; wholesomely oblivious to the essence of sound,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was cold-bloodedly heartless; indiscriminately trampling over literally anything that came in her dogmatically tyrannical way,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was treacherously sullen faced; not culminating into the most ethereal of smile; even as the invincible mists of paradise were laid at her celestially nimble feet,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was obnoxiously prejudiced; salaciously trying to overtopple every entity beside her; to forever feel like the very best,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was horrifically cacophonic; shooing away even the most obsolete trace of life around her; the instant she opened her amorphously livid mouth,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she indefatigably hurled a gutter of invectives every unveiling second; at even the most holistic of entity for ostensibly no reason or rhyme,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she unceremoniously started to curse life; since the very first instant that she opened her snobbishly swollen eyes,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was egregiously enshrouded by a sea of disgruntling nonchalance; preferring to diabolically snore even in the most brilliantly fructifying of sunlight,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she smelt of acridly dilapidated feces all day and night; intractably refrained to take quintessential bath; as every other being in the civilization took,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she baselessly wailed every unfurling second; vicariously acted as if the entire planet castigated her with whiplashes of devilishness; while in actuality they perennially showered nothing buy symbiotic harmony,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she aimlessly loitered without the tiniest of mission in life; kept sky gazing for hours immemorial; while the rest of the planet galloped in unparalleled exuberance outside,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she sporadically broke into fits of maniacal depression and epilepsy sporadically; deliriously smashing even

the most costliest object around her in her bouts of irascibly uncontrollable anger,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she sadistically taunted me on even the most triumphantly blazing step that I took; dismissing me like a non-existent speck of tawdrily threadbare dust from the top drawers of her memory,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was as diminutive as a miserably slavering rat in stature; going always unnoticed in the pragmatic marketplace of sensuously burgeoning human beings,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she was morbidly blinded since the very first cry of her birth; not possessing the tenacity to alight even a single step; as the planet round her was nothing but a graveyard of heinously obfuscated darkness,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she her face was more hideously distorted than the cadaverously parasitic spirit; not a soul on this colossal Universe; could dare to come abreast of her demonically pulverizing countenance,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she snored more ferociously than an ominously upbraiding panther; sordidly disrupting my every enchantingly celestial night; beyond the most unsurpassable limits,

I really wouldn't mind it the slightest; even if she asphyxiated the very last breath out of my nimble body; just because I compassionately sequestered her from the most nefariously unbearable of maelstrom and torrential rain,

But I'd definitely commit suicide that very instant I knew she was flagrantly infidel; merrily flirting and cavorting with boundless men behind my back; after

wholeheartedly acknowledging that she loved none other but me on this fathomless planet; after bonding every beat of her heart; immortally with mine .

32. JUST ONE GIRL

There were an infinite fraternities of scents available to wonderfully mollify just one of my disdainfully agitated armpit; wholesomely transcend over the dreadfully preposterous stench emanating,

There were an infinite shades of mascara available to stupendously enthrall just one of my obnoxiously beleaguered eyelash; engender it to marvelously outshine every maelstrom; tornado or the fiercest of inexorable rain,

There were an infinite colors of lipstick available to fantastically embellish just one my fretfully grotesque lip; grant it the status of a gloriously uncrowned fairy; for centuries unprecedented,

There were an infinite shapes of swords available to majestically brandish my just one of my disparagingly bereaved bone; make it feel like patriotically blazing and invincible warriors; even against the most acrimoniously cannibalistic of attack,

There were an infinite synchronizations of music available to sensuously titillate just one of my hedonistically emaciated eardrum; replenish its compassionate hollows with the most unbelievably mellifluous and rhapsodically tantalizing sounds,

There were an infinite textbooks of sagaciously perspicacious literature available to beautifully enlighten just one my horrendously illiterate senses; blissfully metamorphose even the most inconspicuous trace of lecherous nothingness in my soul; into a fountain of Omnipotent learning,

There were an infinite varieties of exotically iridescent pearls available to handsomely adorn just one of the gorily sinister contours of my hapless neck; transform it into a royal queen's necklace for as long as this planet existed,

There were an infinite curvatures of sun-glass available to incredulously sequester just one of my truculently blood-shot eye; hypnotize it into a paradise of arcane seduction; even under the most savagely blistering rays of the sweltering mid-day

Sun,

There were an infinite forms of titillating wine available to liberate just one of my satanically incarcerated senses; foment me to uninhibitedly express my miserably lambasted inner self,

There were an infinite fabulous dreams available to profoundly rekindle my just one part of my hedonistically whipped mind; catapult me to a land more higher and handsome than unbelievably celestial paradise,

There were an infinite scrumptious delicacies available to marvelously placate just one pang of rapaciously growling hunger in my stomach; making me feel as the most pricelessly contented organism on this Universe; after I consumed the same with untamed gusto,

There were an infinite dials of luminously trendy watches available to regally adorn just one of my uncontrollably quavering wrist; enthrallingly binding it in the righteously punctilious definitions of discerning time,

There were an infinite silhouettes of bewitchingly titillating vixens available to timelessly arouse just one cranny of my drearily despondent flesh; transport

me into the corridors of Kingly cloud nine; for countless more births of mine,

There were an infinite molds of aristocratic candles available to beautifully enlighten just one of my disparagingly dolorous and ignominiously slandering night; make me feel like the ultimate silken Moon shimmering brilliantly on the trajectory of boundless earth,

There were an infinite cylinders of quintessentially artificial blood and breath available to Omnipotently reinvigorate just one of my horrendously dying form; bestow me upon with cardinal pints of divinely life,

There were an infinite brands of astounding blades available to stringently scrap just one whisker of unceremoniously bedraggled beard from my cheeks; rendering them more immutably sparkling than the candidly scintillating mirrors,

There were an infinite springs of redolent water available to bathe and amazingly quench just one element of my sordidly disheveled skin; annihilate even the most mercurial speck of unsolicited alien dirt from my disgustingly crumbling persona,

There were an infinite types of state-of-the-art fabric available to compassionately embrace just one of my impoverishedly trembling caricature; impregnate in it the tenacity to face even the most wretchedly freezing of circumstance,

Paradoxically; just one girl on this entire unending Universe; none other but just one girl out of countless girls symbiotically existing; was available; was enough to bless and insuperably bond with an infinite beats of my unsurpassably passionate and

relentlessly wandering heart; for an infinite more births of mine .

33. THE VERY 1ST ONE

Never ever 1st at emolliently fructifying artistry; delinquently squandering countless sheets of brilliantly bonded paper; and vibrantly ecstatic paint,

Never ever 1st at blissfully mellifluous whistling; preposterously bellowing like a rabid dog; instead of diffusing into stupendously mesmerizing music,

Never ever 1st at adroitly cunning business; insanely hobbling into mists of utter meaninglessness; at even the very tiniest insinuation of dexterously prejudiced

manipulation,

Never ever 1st at insurmountably rapacious titillation; bizarrely floundering to be even a mercurial iota aroused; even as boundless tawdry seductresses danced in gay abandon all around,

Never 1st at the inter-college competitions; disintegrating into an infinite particles of clammy nothingness; even before alighting a single foot on the star studded stage,

Never ever 1st at ingeniously eclectic mimicry; not even able to remember the cadence of my very own voice; just an evanescent instant after I wholeheartedly spoke,

Never ever 1st at exotically tantalizing dance; penuriously ending up licking deliriously rotten dust on the floor instead; as the entire world beautifully

cavorted and flirted upon the same,

Never ever 1st at fantastically enamoring magic; clumsily erasing every bit of line from my own palm; instead of marvelously portending the future of countless others instead,

Never ever 1st at exuberantly adventurous mountain-climbing; sinking an infinite feet beneath my grave; the moment I tried to clamber up the very first jaggedly ebullient stone,

Never ever 1st at spreading the essence of timeless humanity; as the instant I unfurled my mouth to lecture; indiscriminately communal racialism mercilessly perpetuated every echelon of the unsurpassably sensitive society,

Never ever 1st at engendering people to uninhibitedly laugh; with the entire atmosphere breaking into oceans of hysterical tears; the instant I tried cracking one

of my best mugged jokes,

Never ever 1st at brilliantly outclassing my compatriots; being ruthlessly massacred into worthlessly inane ash; even before I could dream of venturing into intrepidly exhilarating territory,

Never ever 1st at explicit elocutions and debates; egregiously shooing away every speck of audience infront of me; as I disdainfully stuck on the very first alphabet for hours immemorial,

Never ever 1st at punctiliously synchronizing my surroundings; with the ambience around me always resembling a gutter of squalidly abhorrent and disgustingly rotten tomatoes,

Never ever 1st at vociferously cheering my comrades; with even the most thunderously reverberating of my voice miserably stuttering to reach even the chamber of my sordid mouth; as the entire planet around me broke into unequivocally untamed celebration,

Never ever 1st at replenishing my bones with luxury; as even before they holistically stretched themselves for the same; its silken caress was already gobbled in

entirety by a bunch of parasites around,

Never ever 1st at astoundingly memorizing; as unprecedented cloudbursts of impregnable sleep transcended over other conceivable speck in my brain;

making me yawn till even after horizons of infinite infinity,

Never ever 1st at taking quintessentially euphoric breath into my lungs; as I obnoxiously wavered and quavered in the race for " Survival of the fittest";

wholesomely devoured by infinite organisms in near vicinity even before I could blow a single whistle,

But the very 1st one in the boundlessly enchanting Universe who unassailably conquered every beat of your heart; the very 1st one on this planet who irrefutably

captured you in the swirl of immortally endless romance; the very 1st one on this earth who took your magnificently philanthropic signature on every blood-drop of mine; was I; was I; and would for infinite more births I pray and by the grace of God; always be I .

34. BELIEVABLE

Unbelievable. Were her gorgeously embellished eyelashes; tantalizing even the most deadened of corpses; with their magnetically flirtatious and celestially nubile swirl,

Unbelievable. Were her lusciously charismatic lips; weaving a tale of unsurpassably unceasing seduction; as they enthrallingly stroked even the most infinitesimal pore of my body,

Unbelievable. Was her majestically unflinching stride; as she unassailably marched on the pathways of Omnipotent humanity; peerlessly facing even the most Herculean of Holocausts that dared came her way,

Unbelievable. Was her incredulously mellifluous voice; perpetuating a wave of ubiquitously divine harmony; in even the most salaciously beleaguered ingredient of

the atmosphere,

Unbelievable. Was her blissfully redolent sweat; timelessly radiating the essence of truthfully insuperable perseverance; wonderfully coalesced with quintessentially sacrosanct yearning to euphorically surge forward in life,

Unbelievable. Was her sensuously artistic nape; awakening me like a new-born infant from realms of my invincible sleep; as she magnetically swished it in the profoundly pearly moonlight,

Unbelievable. Were her bounteously dangling ears; triggering infernos of unlimited desire as they royally fluttered; with the passionately untamed and ebullient breeze,

Unbelievable. Were her intricately silken feet; regally purifying every speck of treacherously adulterated soil; that they fearlessly tread upon,

Unbelievable. Were her synergistically emollient palms; perennially bonding with one and all alike; in the unassailable bond of pricelessly impeccable humanity,

Unbelievable. Was her marvelously mollifying shadow; miraculously placating even the most disastrously delirious of my urges; with the balm of timelessly blessing friendship,

Unbelievable. Was her uninhibitedly cavorting silhouette; as she tirelessly bounced like an angel descended from the heavens; on the aristocratically rain soaked hills,

Unbelievable. Was her endlessly fantasizing brain; harnessing the most brilliantly fructifying of camaraderie; out of inconspicuously worthless and decaying bits of lackadaisical space,

Unbelievable. Was her unfathomably titillating belly; as she brilliantly metamorphosed even the most inanely colorless liquid in my veins into poignantly crimson blood; with her enchanting midnight dance,

Unbelievable. Were the immaculately twinkling whites of her eye; radiating an unending ocean of unconquerable honesty; even as unstoppable maelstroms

of hell blended with raw soil,

Unbelievable. Was the exhilaratingly rubicund tinge in her cheeks; perpetuating a cistern of never-ending freshness in every bit of fathomless sky and earth,

Unbelievable. Was her infallibly unfettered attitude towards inexplicably arcane life; greeting even the most acridly satanic moment of her destined time;

with wholeheartedly ecstatic enthusiasm,

Unbelievable. Was her symbiotically fragrant breath; making me feel as impregnably triumphant and alive as I felt at the very first cry of my life; even when I was inevitably dying,

Unbelievable. Was every of her perpetually bonding heartbeat; invincibly coalescing in wholesome entirety with the spirit of my impoverished existence; even though I was hiding infinite continents apart,

But Believable. Dependable. Reliable. Was her Immortally heavenly love; whose godly scent had not only nurtured me so far in my life; but whose relentlessly sacred belief; whose Omnisciently proliferating timelessness; would forever let me live

as the most pricelessly blessed organism; without an iota of disbelief and for infinite more births of mine .

35. EVERY TIME I TOOK BREATH

I remembered exotically scrumptious food; only when unceremoniously thunderous pangs of hunger reverberated louder than the apocalypses of hell; in my disdainfully impoverished stomach,

I remembered stupendously reinvigorating bath; only when the squalidly distorted pores of my diminutive body; started to exude treacherously horrendous and

grotesquely vituperative dirt,

I remembered perennially golden droplets of rain; only when I felt every miserably beleaguered bone of my body; rotting in the dungeons of sadistically lambasting monotony,

I remembered Omnipotently mellifluous voice; only when my ears felt brutally desolate; entrapped in a mortuary of estranged politics and salaciously pulverizing prejudice,

I remembered unsurpassably titillating seductresses; only when each bizarrely emaciated pore of my skin; intransigently cried to be timelessly caressed; to be

mollified to the most unprecedented limits; in the silken camouflage of the surreptitiously moonlit night,

I remembered compassionately rhapsodic sheepskin and wool; only when mercilessly whipping snow pelting all around me; made me uncontrollably shiver till the very

invisibly last bone of my spine,

I remembered aristocratic mugs foaming with uninhibitedly euphoric beer and wine; only when I'd returned home blazingly triumphant; and in the midst of an everlasting fiesta with my kin and friends,

I remembered vivaciously enthralling kites and gaudy strings; only when the breeze eternally blew in ebulliently gusty currents; and every gruesomely bereaved nerve in my palms rapaciously rared to soar in handsomely pristine sky,

I remembered celestially fragrant sleep; only when the pressure on my drearily fatigued lids; seemed to be more crippling than the maelstroms of disgustingly

penalizing hell,

I remembered convivially never-ending boisterousness; only when ribald corpses of forlorn nothingness; invidiously asphyxiated me beyond the threshold of

horrifically unbearable pain,

I remembered ingratiatingly mesmerizing pearls and the best of exquisite jewelry; only when I surrendered myself like a relentlessly yearning bride; on my very first wedding night,

I remembered the most morbidly appalling of invectives; only when someone stared lasciviously at the grace of my divinely invincible mother,

I remembered the most gloriously fructifying moments of my truncated existence; only when I was about to abdicate the very last breath of my life; was about to

inevitably die,

I remembered to endlessly scratch; only when the inconspicuously pernicious battalion of mosquitoes; clandestinely attacked me on my robustly supple flesh,

I remembered to unrelentingly cry; only when my near and dear kin and mates suffered the wrath of this acrimonious planet; whenever pricelessly everlasting

humanity was manipulated like a worthless currency coin,

I remembered to voluptuously whisper; only when the cisterns of sensuousness played hide and seek with my uncontrollably throbbing soul; in the merrily

twinkling curtainspread of the emolliently jubilant midnight,

I remembered to unflinchingly walk; only when the coffins of unemployment and gory meaninglessness; had commenced to indiscriminately squelch my bones after

sucking the last iota of blood from my intricate veins,

I remembered to victoriously breathe; only when the disastrously shrunken jacket of my lungs; was just about to plunge into the gorge of abysmally decrepit extinction,

I remembered to patriotically brandish and blaze; only when the venomously hedonistic enemy camp; ruthlessly molested the Omnipresently sacred soil of my revered motherland,

But I remembered you every time I took breath; I remembered you with even the most non-existent beat of my heart; I remembered you at every step that I

alighted and slept; I remembered you every time my eyes unavoidably flashed themselves; I remembered you every unfurling instant of my life and an infinite

births even after reaching the mists of heaven; O! Perpetual Beloved .

36. GRAVE PROBLEMS

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to bathe; scrupulously scrub every pore of your nimble skin; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to speak; vehemently inundate the silent granaries of the atmosphere with your obstreperously indignant voice; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to admire; tirelessly hum praises about Natures enthrallingly bountiful gifts; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to joke; sadistically tyrannize all those disparagingly suffering with your unceremoniously cacophonic guffaws; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to blaze; unflinchingly brandish the most supreme tips of swords on your belly; every once

in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to manipulate; astutely extract the optimum benefit from conceivably every echelon of the

society; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to flirt; philander with ten titillating vixens at a single time; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to sleep; thunderously perpetuate the celestial air with your never-ending snores; every

once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to wink; cavort beyond the realms of infinite infinity with alien seductresses; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to triumph; blisteringly gallop past the boundaries of castrated malice; every once in 24

hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to eat; monstrously deluge the inexorably rapacious tank of your stomach with the

most tantalizing of delicacies; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to innovate; intrepidly evolve a civilization of unfathomably fascinating intrigue; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to brush; punctiliously cleanse the periphery of your already scintillating teeth; every

once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to astoundingly memorize; cram spell binding lines of literature and mathematics to the most unprecedented of your capacity; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to walk; mercilessly pulverize fathomless molecules of holistic mud as you marched;

every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to mesmerize; stupendously enchant every cranny of this Universe with your inborn talents; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to splurge; lasciviously proclaim your overwhelming affluence to the entire planet outside;

every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to drink wine; insatiably inebriate even the most ethereally oblivious of your senses with vivid elixirs; every once in 24 hours,

There was not the slightest of problem at all if you didn't remember to breathe; greedily trying to capture every speck of air in the atmosphere into your lungs;

every once in 24 hours,

But there were grave problems; infact there were the most treacherous apocalypses of extinction waiting to devour you; there were the most sinister hell's of deceitful lies and preposterously decaying chicanery waiting to rip you apart into a countless pieces; if you didn't love an infinite times in a single day; diffuse its Immortal essence to one and all of your kind; ubiquitously alike .

37. THE IRRETRIEVABLE CULPRIT

It was not the unbelievably long road that criminally tired you; the grain of nonchalantly sluggish sand in your dastardly shoe; was the quintessential culprit

instead,

It was not the fathomlessly endless sky that parasitically nonplussed you; the cloud of decrepit isolation in your fecklessly spurious brain; was the cardinal culprit instead,

It was not the limitlessly sweltering desert that disdainfully charred you; the heat of treacherously pulverizing prejudice in your soul; was the dogmatic culprit instead,

It was not the unfathomably towering mountain that entirely gobbled you; the slope of baselessly slavering fear in your bones; was the invidious culprit instead,

It was not the inexhaustible wind of winter that disastrously squelched you; the chill of deathly isolation in every ingredient of your blood; was the irrevocable culprit instead,

It was not brilliantly unending sunshine that tanned and perplexed you; the ray of worthless snobbishness in every of your stride; was the immutable culprit instead,

It was not the boundless swirl of the ocean that preposterously drowned you; the salt of acrimoniously lecherous hatred in the dormitories of your conscience; was

the vituperative culprit instead,

It was not the unceasing graveyard that venomously jinxed you; the ghost of balderdash fear in your fretfully quavering persona; was the untamed culprit

instead,

It was not inexhaustibly overwhelming midnight that insidiously frightened you; the blackness of uxoriously insane insecurity infront of your eyes; was the massacring culprit instead,

It was not continuously barren land that ludicrously withered you; the infertility of holistic expression enshrouding your countenance; was the intransigent culprit instead,

It was not relentlessly vociferous storms that derogatorily uprooted you; the cataclysmically uncontrollable spirit of betrayal in your reflection; was the clandestine culprit instead,

It was not the jet black fleet of cats that unstoppably cursed you; the meow-meow of sleazy superstition in every aspect of your existence; was the incarcerating culprit instead,

It was not the unsurpassably arcane forest that defeated you; the wilderness of salaciously cannibalistic desire in your imagination; was the diabolical culprit instead,

It was not the stupendously tall lavatory seat that shooed you; the stink of maniacally decrepit politics in each globule of your unceremonious sweat; was the barbarous culprit instead,

It was not the indefatigably revolving ceiling fan which unsparingly excoriated you; the blades of depravingly sadistic chauvinism in the center of your chest; were

the murderous culprit instead,

It was not tirelessly diffusing sound that decimated you; the noise of deliriously obsessive idiosyncrasy radiating from every element of your conscience; was

the notorious culprit instead,

It was not inexorably patriotic war that swiped you; the battlefield of hedonistically decrepit corruption on which you stupidly transgressed; was the surreptitious culprit instead,

It was not timelessly unfurling life which crippled you; the breath of untruthfully tyrannical deceit emanating from your beleaguered nostrils; was the cowardly culprit,

And it was not fathomlessly never-ending love that lethally melted you; the beat of maliciously profane betrayal lingering in your vindictively bellicose heart; was the irretrievable culprit instead .

38. STOP

To stop the raucously speeding train; all you needed to do was to pull the stringently wound up chain,

To stop the uncontrollably advancing river; all you needed to do was to close the impregnably stolid gates of the dam; to the maximum of their capacity,

To stop the disastrously scorching desert of acrimonious sands; all you needed to do was to sprinkle a bountiful cistern of tantalizing water; under the roof of the celestially fathomless sky,

To stop the menacingly growling lion; all you needed to do was to place a playground full of blood red meat; right infront of his salaciously rapacious and gruesomely squandering eyes,

To stop the rebelliously augmenting avalanche; all you needed to do was to place a lackadaisically flat and inanely nimble road; at the rock bottom of the perilously diabolical hill,

To stop the watch from tirelessly tick-tocking; all you needed to do was to austerely remove its pair of punctiliously revolving needles; forever and ever and ever,

To stop the ferociously slapping seawaves; all you needed to do was to put a chain of unsurpassably regale rocks in their way; as they rose high and handsome to a triumphantly ultimate crescendo,

To stop the demonically cold-blooded criminal; all you needed to do was to metamorphose even the most infinitesimal trace of vengeance in his brutally

estranged conscience into a gorge of compassionately unparalleled love,

To stop the venomously hissing and satanic snake; all you needed to do was to let loose the astoundingly fleet footed mongoose upon him; like a trice of white

lightening diffusing from crimson sky,

To stop the viciously swerving car; all you needed to do was to sagaciously compress its pair of twinbrakes; to the most unprecedented of your body capacity,

To stop the unsavory traitors and beguiling enemy; all you needed to do was to transcend over every aspect of their disparagingly treacherous identity; with the

mantra of unflinchingly fearless righteousness,

To stop the parasites from unstoppably wailing; all you needed to do was to place them in a mortuary of ghoulishly fretful and perfidiously rotting skeletons,

To stop destructively advancing technology; all you needed to do was to transport the uncouthly marauding devils; into the sacrosanct lap's of their heavenly mothers,

To stop lecherously lazy sleep; all you needed to do was to keep your eyes wide open solely towards the most symbiotically benign mission of your diminutively

impoverished life,

To stop unceremoniously devilish stench; all you needed to do was to inclemently usurp every bit of its disgruntled persona with the fragrance of priceless humanity; even before it could arise,

To stop indiscriminately squelching torture; all you needed to do was to ubiquitously apply the balm of philanthropically miraculous empathy and untainted brotherhood,

To stop the freshly born and inexhaustibly weeping infant; all you needed to do was to feed in its mother's eternally mollifying breast,

To stop gorily crucifying death; all you needed to do was to perpetually continue god's chapter of blessed procreation; proliferate into infinite more of your humble kind,

And to stop the perennially overflowing heart; all you needed to do was to find another heart with whom its beats uninhibitedly bonded; and then remained united

as the apogee of altruistic companionship; for countless more births to come .

39. A DEATH MORE TREACHEROUS

Till the time you told the mountain to invincibly defend; it felt as if the most pricelessly blessed entity on this fathomlessly enamoring planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into a civilization of manipulatively estranged and decrepit politicians; it died a death more treacherous than what the most insidiously ghastliest of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the sea to tantalizingly undulate; it felt as if the most euphorically fascinating entity on this bountifully exhilarating planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into a boundlessly sweltering desert; it died a death more diabolical than what the most treacherously torturous of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the star to resplendently twinkle; it felt as if the most blissfully

unconquerable entity on this timelessly endowing planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into a whirlpool of relentlessly blistering heat; it died a death more morbid than what the most satanically

shriveled of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the rose to eternally disseminate royal scent; it felt as if the most

poignantly mollified entity on this fathomlessly burgeoning planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into a monotonously concrete jungle of bricks; it died a death more sordid than what the most parasitically cannibalistic of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the dog to cacophonically bark; it felt as if the most miraculously mitigated entity on this unbelievably limitless planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into a mellifluously voluptuous nightingale; it died a death more hedonistic than what the most demonically

truculent of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the soldier to patriotically blaze; he felt as if the most divinely ameliorated entity on this wonderfully enigmatic planet,

But the instant you dictated him to metamorphose into cisterns of languidly squandering sleep; he died a death more savage than what the most perfidiously

rampaging of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the mother to altruistically feed; she felt as if the most Omnipotently insuperable entity on this boundlessly exotic planet,

But the instant you dictated her to metamorphose into tawdrily lackadaisical damsel; she died a death more horrific than what the most devastatingly indiscriminate of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the eye to panoramically sight; it felt as if the most sensuously placated entity on this regally entrancing planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into venomously paralyzing blindness; it died a death more pathetic than what the most barbarously terrorizing of

death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the conscience to irrefutably diffuse the wave of ubiquitously undaunted truth; it felt as if the most triumphantly ebullient entity on this limitlessly eclectic planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into a corpse of gorily crucifying and squalidly debilitating lies; it died a death more remorseful than what the most lecherously unworthy of death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the nostril to inhale uninhibited air; it felt as if the most blessedly emollient entity on this timelessly enchanting planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into lifelessly amorphous skeleton; it died a death more deplorable than what the most pugnaciously rancid of

death; could ever perceive to be .

Till the time you told the dew-drop to fantastically mesmerize; it felt as if the most unsurpassably kingly entity on this unfathomably majestic planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into uncouthly chauvinistic blood; it died a death more sadistic that what the most deliriously lambasting of death; could ever perceive to be .

And till the time you told the heart to immortally love and let live; it felt as if the most perpetually undefeatable entity on this beautifully redolent planet,

But the instant you dictated it to metamorphose into a mortuary of forlornly cursed betrayal; it died a death more insane than what the most raunchily threadbare of

death; could ever perceive to be .

40. DEAD BEYOND DESCRIPTION

Dead beyond description are those living eyes; which tirelessly harbor the swords of indiscriminately terrorizing hatred and satanic prejudice,

Dead beyond description are those living ears; which rapaciously yearn to hear the brutally asphyxiated cries of the pricelessly innocent; every unfurling minute of the day as well as in the ingredients of blackened night,

Dead beyond description are those living lips; which remain as frozen as heartlessly white ice; even as enchantingly golden rays of the blazing Sun; compassionately embraced every organism on earth; handsomely alike,

Dead beyond description are those living feet; which ludicrously rot in the corpses of cowardice; even as the earth on which they tread was being unsparingly molested by hedonistically torturous traitors of mankind,

Dead beyond description are those living fingers; which mercilessly strangulate the divinely silhouette of newborn life; in order to reign spuriously supreme for an infinite more non-existent lifetimes,

Dead beyond description are those living teeth; which barbarously pulverize wonderfully evolving life of the womb; on the sadistic pretext of it not belonging to

their vindictively castigating religion,

Dead beyond description are those living veins; which salaciously betray even the most perpetually bonding of relationships; for just an infinitesimally tawdry

bundle of feckless currency notes,

Dead beyond description are those living shoulders; which listlessly while away every blessed moment of their existence; carrying the coffins of unsurpassably massacring lies,

Dead beyond description are those living eyelids; which bat down in due obeisance to the world of anarchically decrepit corruption and the mortuary of wickedly wastrel politics,

Dead beyond description are those living shadows; which devilishly pretend as parasitically delinquent ghosts; scurrilously scaring holistically breathing mankind without any ostensible reason or rhyme,

Dead beyond description are those living nails; which diabolically erase every effulgently mesmerizing destiny line of the palm; with insidiously

traumatizing slavery of the most unprecedented degree,

Dead beyond description are those living cheeks; which metamorphose into fretfully lackadaisical and amorphously decaying skeletons; even when embraced by the most perennially coalescing of camaraderie,

Dead beyond description are those living intestines; which solely feast on other's happiness; menacingly waiting their moment to devour every trace of unparalleled ebullience into the unforgiving pyre of murderous hell,

Dead beyond description are those living nostrils; which waft venomously pugnacious blood; endlessly wanting to curse even the most mercurial speck of

civilization with worthless insanity and ominously castigated malice,

Dead beyond description are those living tongues; which relentlessly wail for the cause of vituperatively bawdy injustice; egregiously marauding the fabric of eternally resplendent truth from every conceivable side,

Dead beyond description are those living skins; which are unimaginably numb to even the most effusively heart-rendering cries of whipped humanity; celebrating

till fathomless heights above the heavens even as the closest of their kin evaporated,

Dead beyond description are those living souls; which unrelentingly foster the spirit of cannibalistic war and rampant bloodshed; uncouthly baying for their compatriot's blood; even when the Creator afforded them with a majestic survival to thrive,

Dead beyond description are those living arms; which intransigently dig graves of malevolently treacherous fanaticism all day; instead of gloriously perspiring

under the Omnipotently golden Sun,

And dead beyond description are those living hearts; which throb unceasingly and till the very end of their destined times all right; but from whom culminated

only the beats of savagely slandering betrayal; in whom there resided nothing but vultures of emotionless hell .

41. SOLELY MINE

I insatiably loved the fragrance of the ingratiatingly ebullient rose; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my diminutively penurious kind,

I ardently loved the euphorically uninhibited chirp of the celestial nightingale; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my treacherously tottering kind,

I insurmountably loved the mystically inscrutable rustle of the vivid forests; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my disastrously staggering kind,

I unsurpassably loved the effulgently undulating waves of the untamed sea; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my ethereally obsolete kind,

I limitlessly loved the unflinchingly blazing patriotism of the peerless soldiers; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my remotely disappearing kind,

I eternally loved the corridors of resplendently untainted and majestic paradise; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my preposterously slavering kind,

I unconditionally loved the first showers of Omnipotently mitigating rain; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my horrifically thirsty kind,

I tirelessly loved the vivaciously effervescent rainbow in fathomless sky; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my monotonously decrepit kind,

I relentlessly loved the indomitably towering apogees of the intrepidly glorious mountain; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my ludicrously dastardly kind,

I irrevocably loved the Omnisciently nascent sparkle of victorious dawn;

however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much;

by an infinite more of my abjectly depressed kind,

I immutably loved the quintessentially heavenly droplets of the sacrosanct

cow's milk; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also

loved as much; by an infinite more of my vindictively diseased kind,

I intransigently loved the blissfully cavorting terrain of the pristine countryside; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my remorsefully subservient kind,

I endlessly loved the impeccably shimmering stars in the heart of blackened

midnight; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my dreadfully decaying kind,

I unconquerably loved even the tiniest innuendo's of magnificently burgeoning freshness and innovation; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my manipulatively usurped kind,

I selflessly loved all those horrendously bereaved and torturously lambasted; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my mercurial Samaritan kind,

I irretrievably loved the timelessly panoramic valleys and their exhilarating echoes; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my brutally emaciated kind,

I unequivocally loved the fabulously unfettered birds royally soaring in the cosmos; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my unceremoniously incarcerated kind,

I unfathomably loved Medieval heritage and anecdotes of handsome Kinsmanship; however after an instant soon realized that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my surreally discovering kind,

I intractably loved irrefutably righteous breath; happiness and perennially bestowing life; however after an instant soon realized that the same were also loved as much; by an infinite more of my boundlessly greedy kind,

And I immortally loved the redolently blossoming girl next door; but although after realizing an instant later that the same was also loved as much; by an infinite more of my forlornly isolated kind; I could for the first time in my life see that the love wonderfully spawning in each beat of her unassailable heart was solely for me; wanted to insuperably imprison only me; was forever of none other xyz's but solely mine .

42. AT YOUR GODLY FEET

Profusely embracing the resplendently glistening stars; perpetually feasting in the inimitably unparalleled glory for times immemorial,

Uninhibitedly embracing the fathomlessly blessing skies; letting the exuberantly romantic clouds weave valleys of exhilaration in every bereaved cranny of my

diminutive body,

Timelessly embracing the panoramically sensuous meadows; endlessly cavorting with the beautifully golden dewdrops; for centuries unprecedented even after my very last breath,

Irrevocably embracing the magically rejuvenating waterfalls; astoundingly blending each of my deliriously deranged nerves with stupendously unsurpassable ecstasy,

Unassailably embracing the slopes of immaculately mollifying ice; bestowing Omnipotent reprieve to my brutally scorched and pathetically sweltering senses,

Unceasingly embracing opulently inebriating majesty; letting the fabric of silken royalty evolve me into a civilization of magnificently unlimited charisma,

Unstoppably embracing inscrutably tantalizing forests; tirelessly frolicking in the ravishingly euphoric entrenchment of bountifully untainted wilderness,

Unlimitedly embracing peerlessly brilliant rays of the Omnipresent Sun; beautifully enlightening every flagrantly blackened arena of my life with the rays of undefeatedly ebullient optimism,

Immutably embracing ubiquitously egalitarian humanity; melanging even the most infinitesimal ingredient of my crimson blood with the perpetually emollient religion

of pricelessly unconquerable mankind,

Entirely embracing marvelously amber hives of innocuous honey; slowly slurping the miraculously heavenly sweetness till an infinite unfettered births of mine,

Indomitably embracing unflinchingly altruistic patriotism; proudly brandishing every cranny of my penurious countenance; with the armor of honesty to forever serve my motherland,

Unfathomably embracing Omnisciently transcending tranquility; mitigating even the most ethereal speck of my monotonously decrepit persona; with the mists of

eternally placating solitude,

Irretrievably embracing uncannily tingling smog's; letting the inexplicably unknown fantastically perpetuate into my manipulatively commercial and torturously turgid soul,

Unprecedentedly embracing the celestially pelting globules of silvery rain; letting every trajectory of my emaciated flesh; effulgently sparkle with the ultimate blessings of Omniscient Almighty God,

Intransigently embracing the caverns of fabulously blooming seduction; galloping through the lanes of unhindered mischief; with countless triumphantly nubile maidens by my impoverished side,

Unrestrictedly embracing the songs of everlastingly regale unity; coalescing every conceivable beat of my existence with the spirit of invincibly compassionate

camaraderie,

Victoriously embracing benign goodness in its every construable form; unequivocally enabling the oceans of selflessness to majestically diffuse from each pore of

my magnanimously blessed silhouette,

Impregnably embracing quintessentially radiant breath; wonderfully letting whirlpools of charismatically free air; drift into my ephemerally asphyxiating nostrils,

Immortally embracing the chapters of unconquerable love; embossing their unshakable signature upon every beat of my unrelentingly throbbing heart,

But forever and ever and ever at your Omnipotent toes; leading each aspect of my destined life as well as abnegating the very last trace of air in my disdainfully stuttering lungs; solely at your Godly feet O! Divinely Beloved; O! Pristinely Priceless

Beloved .

43. FOREVER IN LOVE

Once a failure; not necessary that always a gorily disoriented failure; being lambasted in the aisles of horrendous nothingness,

Once a loss; not necessary that always a hideously unsavory loss; crucifying you beyond the realms of pricelessly impregnable existence,

Once an abusing; not necessary that always a derogatorily unceremonious abusing; brutally kicking you like an infinitesimally frigid matchstick; towards the coffins of morbid hell,

Once an isolation; not necessary that always a remorsefully dastardly isolation; abjectly obfuscating you from the quintessentially glorious fabric of the

symbiotic planet outside,

Once a sidelining; not necessary that always a preposterously delinquent sidelining; incarcerating you in chains of disastrously ominous despair while the entire earth uninhibitedly freaked outside,

Once a torture; not necessary that always a sadistically cacophonic torture; making every unfurling instant of your fantastically embellished existence worse than a countless hapless deaths,

Once a betrayal; not necessary that always a fretfully tyrannizing betrayal; burying you wholesomely alive in the parasitically decaying grave,

Once a criminal; not necessary that always a vindictively insane criminal; cadaverously

perpetuating into the sky of fathomlessly invincible truth,

Once a cannibalistic; not necessary that always a turgidly decrepit cannibalistic; ruthlessly excoriating apart innocuously celestial flesh; into a boundless bits of inconspicuous oblivion,

Once a backbencher; not necessary that always a lugubriously inane backbencher; unsurpassably yawning in indolent ignominy while the earth burgeoned into a

spell bindingly golden tomorrow,

Once a tail; not necessary that always an egregiously shy tail; curled a limitless kilometers inside the legs; at even the most ethereal innuendo of enchanting

thunder,

Once a laggard; not necessary that always a licentiously heinous laggard; slavering like a salacious leech at every aspect of inscrutably resplendent life,

Once an unemployed; not necessary that always a fragrantly baseless unemployed; nonchalantly staring into lackadaisical bits of skull-less space for hours immemorial,

Once a corpse; not necessary that always a treacherously ghoulish corpse; fecklessly quavering in the mortuaries of intransigently endless and dismally asphyxiating despair,

Once a stone; not necessary that always an languidly lackluster stone; crumbling in lecherously dumb silence till the last puff of enchantingly iridescent life,

Once a curmudgeon; not necessary that always a scornfully wailing curmudgeon; irrevocably tossing and turning in uncontrollably maniacal frustration and

clamminess,

Once an impotent; not necessary that always a vituperatively laconic impotent; squelching the brakes of the perfidiously whipping devil upon the Omnipotent

Lord's chapters of; unbelievably blessing creation,

Once a teardrop; not necessary that always a banefully agonizing teardrop; carnivorously circumscribed by a gutter of misery throughout every unleashing moment of fantastically effulgent life,

But once in love; means forever and ever and ever embracing its immortally altruistic swirl; means forever and ever and ever letting the winds of its magically mitigating goodness caress your impoverished soul; means forever and ever and ever existing as the most priceless organism ever alive; means forever and ever and ever and for an fathomless more births of yours; always in LOVE .

44. STILL SEARCHING FOR THE LOVE OF MY LIFE

Her views for me; were like the reproachful views of the hideously cold-blooded snake; for the swiftly articulate and timelessly boisterous mongoose,

Her views for me; were like the cannibalistic views of the gorily invidious gutter; for the valley of enchantingly mesmerizing cleanliness,

Her views for me; were like the acrid views of the vindictively emaciating desert' for the untamed cloudbursts of relentlessly blessing and celestially mollifying rain,

Her views for me; were like the pugnaciously indescribable views of treacherous blood; for the Omnipotently endowing rays of the majestically unassailable and righteous Sun,

Her views for me; were like the unceremonious views of the lazily wastrel tortoise; for the indefatigably tick-tocking arms of the punctiliously infallible clock,

Her views for me; were like the ghastly views of salaciously asphyxiating terrorism; for the mists of symbiotically ecstatic and vivaciously effulgent happiness,

Her views for me; were like the parasitic views of horrifically crippling blackness; for the brilliantly unfettered and unconquerably blazing day,

Her views for me; were like the malevolent views of the satanically abominable cockroach; for the unsurpassably ebullient redolence of the tantalizingly fresh rose,

Her views for me; were like the prejudiced views of the fecklessly dumb stone; for the insuperably regale strings of the uninhibitedly soaring kite,

Her views for me; were like the inconsolable views of the amorphously terrorizing corpse; for the chapters of marvelously benevolent and inimitably unparalleled life,

Her views for me; were like the ribald views of acrimoniously strangulating venom; for the impeccably wonderful and quintessentially fortifying cow's milk,

Her views for me; were like the rabid views of the inanely dastardly ghost; for the limitless civilization of euphorically chirping living beings,

Her views for me; were like the tawdry views of intolerably squelched infertility; for the skies of boundlessly enthralling and invincibly enlightening procreation,

Her views for me; were like the slandering views of the diabolically corrupt politicians; for the irrefutably glorious and altruistically truthful man,

Her views for me; were like the vengeful views of nonchalantly drugged perspiration; for the unflinchingly peerless and perennially fructifying sword of patriotism,

Her views for me; were like the heinous views of dogmatically incarcerating glue; for the explicitly emollient mirror of perpetually radiating truth,

Her views for me; were the like derogatory views of insidiously crucifying betrayal; for the heart of immortally glorifying and magnanimously blessing love,

Her views for me; were like the chauvinistic views of the manipulatively mechanized robots; for the fathomless cornucopia of God's astoundingly created emotionally responsive organisms,

And though we had been forcefully married for a countless lifetimes; and within the devoutly conventional norms of the tyrannically whipping world outside; she was nothing else than my incessantly cursing and fault-finding wife; while remember O!

adorably nubile maidens outside; that I was still resplendently young and searching for the true love of my life !

45. BLESSEDLY IMMORTAL

If you stretched the already magnanimously inflated balloon beyond a point; it would vindictively burst; perpetuating the incredibly celestial atmosphere with unrelentingly thunderous gasps and treacherously cacophonic moans,

If you stretched the already fathomlessly roaring ocean beyond a point; it would ominously drown quintessentially breathing trajectories of civilization in mortuaries of salt and extravagant froth,

If you stretched the already boundlessly sweltering desert beyond a point; they would acrimoniously scorch the fabric of compassionately moistened existence; into inanely threadbare ash,

If you stretched the already mercilessly overworked body beyond a point; it would traumatically disintegrate into graveyards of treacherously evaporating nothingness,

If you stretched the already fantastically discovering artist beyond a point; he would lamely surrender the unsurpassably endless creative energies of his brain to the doldrums of disparagingly lecherous commercialism,

If you stretched the already vividly iridescent rainbow beyond a point; it would ludicrously distort into a pit of amorphously decrepit meaninglessness,

If you stretched the already patriotically blazing soldier beyond a point; he would lugubriously collapse to blend with lackluster worthlessness; instead of peerlessly marching for his insurmountably sacrosanct mother soil,

If you stretched the already magnanimously milking cow beyond a point; it would start to ooze torturously flagrant blood and worthless water; instead of diffusing into a cistern of inimitably unparalleled milk,

If you stretched the already tirelessly ticking clock beyond a point; it would abruptly cease to function; miserably staggering in the hell of inexplicably maniacal insecurity,

If you stretched the already ferociously roaring lion beyond a point; it would vituperatively vomit out the most scrumptiously tantalizing of its prey; in utterly

unbearable frustration,

If you stretched the already spellbindingly blossoming tree beyond a point; it would abhorrently diffuse the stench of bizarre rottenness; nonchalantly shedding its fruit by the dozen; instead of evolving into a heaven of glorious freshness,

If you stretched the already wholesomely blackened night beyond a point; it would waft nothing else but a maelstrom of despairingly penalizing misery; in every

symbiotically living organism alike,

If you stretched the already rhapsodically mellifluous nightingale beyond a point; it would culminate into nothing else but dolorously beleaguered cacophony for

an infinite more moments yet to unveil,

If you stretched the already earnestly perspiring body beyond a point; it would resort to a plethora of shortcuts to thrive ensure its survival as the fittest; amongst the devilishly cannibalistic pack of wolves,

If you stretched the already intransigently flaming candle beyond a point; it would insipidly melt into a pool of capriciously wanton wax; repulsively shirking away from even the most mercurial trace of light,

If you stretched the already unfathomably embellished castle beyond a point; it would belligerently transform into a corpse of satanically monotonous boredom and

inexorable hopelessness,

If you stretched the already beautifully ripened mango beyond a point; it would raucously excoriate apart into a countless bits of meaningless pulp; tirelessly

cursing the stupidly bizarre environment around,

If you stretched the already smiling face beyond a point; it would luridly dissolve into livid prejudice; spreading nothing but preposterously castigating enmity around,

It you stretched the already irrefutably righteous conscience beyond a point; it would inadvertently make way for a hurricane of hideously derogatory lies,

But if you stretched the already handsomely breathing spirit of love beyond a point; it would altruistically envelop countless more in its compassionately Godly swirl; it would become a cascade of perennial enlightenment for every organism symbiotically

existing; it would unconquerably metamorphose even the most evanescent iota of pain into a fountain of resplendently blessed happiness; it would forever and

ever and ever become BLESSEDLY IMMORTAL .

46. WITHOUT MY PRICELESS BELOVED

The Sun outside was flaming; blistering into infinite shades of grandiloquent crimson as the clouds drifted by,

Yet the interiors of my dwelling were engulfed by a perpetual darkness; the most minuscule shimmer irrevocably refusing to enter; without my priceless beloved .

The trees outside swayed exuberantly; as the vivaciously exotic storm descended full throttle upon the dolorously gloomy atmosphere,

Yet the rooms of my dwelling were flooded with satanic globules of blood; and time catapulted back instead of ticking forward; without my priceless beloved .

The stars in the sky outside twinkled to the most unprecedented glow; illuminating every alley of the fathomless planet with profusely enchanting songs of romance,

Yet each wall of my dwelling wept tears of untamed sorrow; a ghastly solitude entrenched the handsome backdrop of furniture; traumatized by the absence of

my priceless beloved .

The wind outside titillated itself to the most unfathomable horizons of heaven; as cloudbursts of sparkling rain tumbled rhapsodically from the sky,

Yet the windows of my dwelling intransigently refrained from opening; sulking in the realms of profound boredom; without my priceless beloved .

The peacocks outside on the grass danced to their ultimate hearts content; blossoming their feathers into an incredulous festoon of gorgeously vivid color,

Yet there was unsurpassable boredom in my dwelling; with an eerie wave of silence cascading till the last bone down my spine; without my priceless beloved .

The panthers outside in the jungle gallivanted majestically up the hills; with a crown of marvelous glittering royally on their heads,

Yet there was a cloud of barbaric death loitering in every corner of my dwelling; my tongue abdicated to speak even my very own name; without my priceless beloved .

The planet outside brimmed with overwhelming activity; as the wails of boundless newly born stole the hearts of the most treacherously diabolical wandering around,

Yet the floors of my dwelling culminated into a horrendously pugnacious fragrance; with even the parasitic fleet of mosquitoes not interested in sucking blood; as they inevitably missed my priceless beloved .

The battalion of soldiers outside marched invincibly forward for their country; with an immortal spirit of glorious matrydom poignantly diffusing from their eyes,

Yet the shadows inside my dwelling immutably refused to subside; lengthening their sinister cover even under the most dazzling of daylight; as they waited in

anticipation for my priceless beloved .

And the world outside spawned into a new beginning as each day transcended over the resplendent night; with the prolific winds of change taking an optimistic

stranglehold on the brutality of the previous day ,

Yet the oligarchic space of my dwelling kept crawling towards an inevitable blackness; kept dying the most heinous death in a mist of fading oblivion; without my priceless beloved .

47. ONE STEP FORWARD

When I took one step forward towards the Sun; I fell back like thunderbolts of lightening; charred to an inconspicuous speck in the swirl of its stringently

sizzling rays,

When I took one step forward towards the Moon; I transited into a stupendously ravishing reverie in its profound shimmer; staggering inevitably towards realms

of inevitable unconsciousness,

When I took one step forward towards the volcano; I wafted into infinitesimal corridors of remote oblivion; thoroughly whipped by its gruesomely fulminating aura,

When I took one step forward towards the well; I abruptly found myself engulfed by a fleet of hostile crocodile; the diabolically forlorn waters trying to strangulate my body from all sides,

When I took one step forward towards the mirage; I soon realized I had been horrendously tricked; and all that I was able to capsize was sultry currents of

sweltering blank atmosphere,

When I took one step forward towards the thorn; I pierced the intricately rubicund skin of my foot; and a stream of crimson blood began to profusely ooze from

my despairing caricature,

When I took one step forward towards the ghost; I was encapsulated by a severely debilitating fever; with a wave of inexplicable disease lingering incessantly around my innocuous persona,

When I took one step forward towards the dinosaur; he pulverized me till my last bone had blended wholesomely with soil; blowing my existence forever from this planet; like bristles of the broomstick,

When I took one step forward towards sinking sand; I felt myself plummeting down towards the innermost belly of satanic mud; before even I had time to speak; the names of whom I overwhelmingly loved,

When I took one step forward towards the waves; I inadvertently stumbled into the tumultuously violent storm; and soon witnessed the menacing jaws of shark

marching down my throat,

When I took one step forward towards the rainbow; I found myself so profoundly entrenched by an infinite myriad of colors; that I almost forgot my original

identity in pragmatic life,

When I took one step forward towards the shattered glass; I glimpsed all contours of my countenance distorted hideously beyond the realms of ugliness; propelling me to swoon on the ground in sheer disbelief,

When I took one step forward towards the evening; I discovered nothing but morbid darkness; and an uncouthly eerie silence that confronted me; in whichever direction I transgressed,

When I took one step forward towards treacherous lies; after a while I found myself so pathetically entangled by the blanket of heinous lechery; that I even forgot to pronounce my name correctly,

When I took one step forward towards the serpents den; the blood in my veins froze in its very roots; as the venomous monster slapped me viciously with its mystical tongue,

When I took one step forward towards the ant; the diminutive parasite suddenly coalesced with infinite more of its kind; metamorphosed the skin of my cheeks

into a perpetual crimson; making my head bow down before my teacher in shame,

When I took one step forward towards the whispering leaves; each part of my visage was inundated with unfathomable frustration; as I simply couldn't make head or tail of the message they were trying to convey,

When I took one step forward towards the grave; I rebounded back countless feet in fraction seconds; as the unbearable agony of seeing my loved ones buried;

made me relinquish all traces of life,

While when I took one step forward towards my beloved; it was for the first time that each step of mine transformed into boundless more; and I kept marching with an invincible conviction; chanting the virtue of immortal love; till the last breath from my body flowed .

48. HOW CAN I EVER LOVE ?

How can I ever hear anybody else's voice; when infact I have wholesomely surrendered all my power of hearing to your enchanting melody, when

infact I sighted my face in your eyes; indefatigably all day and night,

How can I ever emulate anybody else's movements; when infact I irrevocably followed your intricate footsteps; right since the time I uttered my first

cry,

How can I ever sketch anybody else's countenance; when I had immortally embossed your sacrosanct visage in the inner most arena of my chest,

How can I ever embrace anybody else's body; when infact I was an indispensable part of your every majestically royal caress,

How can I ever dream about anybody else's reflection; when infact I floated in the swirl of your stupendously passionate and charismatic breath,

How can I ever smile for anybody else's looks; when infact you were perennially perched all over the contours of my rubicund lips,

How can I ever wait for anybody else to arrive; when infact your incredulously enamoring footprints were all that I could recognize,

How can I ever kiss anybody else's cheeks; when infact your sacrosanct body was all that I took breath for,

How can I ever frolic with anybody else's hair; when infact I was each minuscule portion; which entirely encapsulated your magnanimous forehead,

How can I ever write poetry for anybody else's life; when infact you were poignantly present in every alphabet that unfolded from my tongue and hands,

How can I ever hoist anybody else's belongings; when infact your intriguingly innocuous visage clung compassionately to my shoulders since decades

immemorial,

How can I ever cry for anybody else's absence; when infact my eyes had forgotten to flutter beside your impeccably startling persona,

How can I ever yearn for anybody else's presence; when infact even the most infinitesimal globule of your golden perspiration; meant to me more than my life,

How can I talk with anybody else's face; when infact I was left dumbfounded forever witnessing your ravishingly Omnipotent grace,

How can I ever sing about anybody else's demeanor; when infact your name was all that diffused like thunderbolts of volatile lightening; whenever I made the most inconspicuous of effort to open my lips,

How can I ever breathe; in anybody else's anticipation; when infact your mesmerizing benevolence was all that unrelentingly flowed through my jacket of tenderly handsome lungs,

How can I ever live for anybody else's whim and fancies; when infact I was the blood which transgressed through your veins; as the Sun flamed and faded the unfathomable expanse of blue sky,

And how can I ever love anybody else's body; when infact your incomprehensible beauty poured out from each of my heart beat; metamorphosing each portion of

earth it cascaded on; into a celestial paradise .

49. PRICELESS LOVE

Drink it; or become a droplet of its enchantingly golden wave,

Climb it; or become a rock of its fabulously mesmerizing slope,

Admire it; or become a jewel of its philanthropically magnanimous beauty,

Whisper it; or become an echo of its ubiquitously spreading poignant aroma,

Follow it; or become a footprint of its seductively enigmatic trail,

Worship it; or become an idol of its invincibly immortal blessings,

Feel it; or become an entrenchment of its voluptuously satiny and profoundly magnetic caress,

Succumb to it; or become the ethereal contours of its majestically enlightening shadow,

Philander with it; or become the winds of its ravishingly exhilarated and unconquerable journey,

Dream it; or become a cloud of its beautifully everlasting fantasy,

Preach it; or become a chapter of its divinely sacrosanct and perpetually fragrant philosophies,

Proliferate it; or become a molecule of its perennially multiplying creation,

Relish it; or become a comrade of its tantalizingly euphoric countenance,

Dance with it; or become the rhythm of its never ending infinite beats,

Embrace it; or become the shyness of its unrelentingly bonding caress,

Smile at it; or become the lips of its exuberantly tingling and rhapsodic laughter,

Consecrate it; or become a grandiloquent bell in its irrefutably sacred shrine,

Sacrifice for it; or become the ideal of its unflinching undefeated convictions,

Breath it; or become a minuscule draught of its stupendously Omnipotent air,

And live it; or live for its unfathomable Godly spirit; and remember it till the last time you ever saw this planet; and even centuries thereafter; as PRICELESS LOVE .

50. WITH THE BLESSINGS OF ALMIGHTY GOD

We met on the boisterously bustling traffic streets; casting an evanescent glimpse amidst the juggernaut of bulky truck and traffic,

We flirted on the profusely foliated tree tops; winking at each other to the most unprecedented of our hearts content,

We stared unrelentingly under the creamy moon; trying to decipher our destinies sandwiched within the sparkling whites of our eye,

We flaunted our majestically robust skins under the dazzling Sun; basking in the flamboyant glory of its festoon of magnificently enchanting rays,

We fantasized to realms beyond fathomless eternity; tossing ardently on the astronomical summit of the gigantic mountain,

We shouted till the last breath down our lungs; profoundly relishing the mystically enticing voice which reverberated past boundless continents; after clashing against the gregarious rocks,

We merrily munched through a conglomerate of tantalizing fruit; sitting beside the rambunctiously quacking ducks in the farm,

We bathed indefatigably in the seductively dribbling gorgeous waterfall; profusely enjoying it every unleashing minute; as reinvigorating pints of liquid gushed past our skins,

We danced rhapsodically in the heart of the jungle; gyrating exuberantly to the vivacious rustling of the leaves; the royally spell binding tunes of the nightingale,

We kissed in the aisles of insatiably augmenting passion; engulfing our shivering flesh with compassionate blankets of breath,

We chased each other through the incomprehensible labyrinth of enigmatic tunnels; squealing like new born infants as the blackness took a vindictive stranglehold of the light,

We euphorically pulled our hair in the poignantly undulating sea; inundating our limp bodies with tons of piquantly pepped up salt,

We philandered in gay abandon on the golden stallion; sequestering our clandestine venture to the best of our ability from the uncouthly satanic society,

We discovered each other in the perpetually solitary dungeons; understanding the inexplicably varied aspects of bountiful existence,

We mischievously slapped each other on the bed covers of grandiloquently frozen ice; instilling a frenzied ardor in our lifelessly chilled veins,

We admired each other on the temple steps; fervently incarcerated by the stupendously fabulous creation of the Almighty Lord,

We slept under the island of opalescently shimmering stars; whispering the nostalgic tales of impeccable childhood in our intricately sensitive eardrums,

We proposed to each other at the crack of surreally obscure dawn; so that the first rays of the flaming morning stood an invincible testimonial to our sacred love,

And we married in the realms of the immortally divine heavens; with the blessings of Almighty God; ensuring that we stayed united in threads of holy matrimony for

times beyond what life could ever foresee .

## The End .
 
You die; I die – Love Poems – Part 5

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my Book as above described , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

### Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

About The Poetry Book - This Book which has 50 differently titled Poems , is actually Part 5 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. JUST MARRYING HER

2. FOR ME TO BREATHE   
3. LOVE, LOVE AND ONLY LOVE

4. ONE HEART

5. COUNTLESS LIVES   
6. A HEART PALPITATING WITH MINE

7. AFTER MARRIAGE

8. FOREVER ALIVE

9. UNFASTENING THE BUTTONS OF HER HEART

10. THE ONLY DON'T   
11. BUT AT LEAST ALLOW ME   
12. STAMP   
13. YOU ARE MY BELOVED   
14. LIKE NOBODY ELSE   
15. COMPLETE CONTROL

16. TEARS OF IMMORTAL LOVE   
17. EXCEPT THE GIRL   
18. LOVE; LOVE AND SIMPLY LOVE

19. FOR INFINITE LIVES

20. BUT YOU WOULD STILL FAIL

21. FIERY PASSIONATE

22. 3 COMPLETE DAYS, 3 COMPLETE NIGHTS

23. YOUR LOVE FOR ME   
24. STEALING MY HEART   
25. THE PERFECT MALE ATTIRE

26. ALL THAT I COULD EVER DREAM OF

27. YOUR HEART WAS THE BEST

28. SIMPLY NOT ENOUGH   
29. LIVING DEAD   
30. YOU WERE REALLY VERY BEAUTIFUL

31. PASSIONATE

32. JUST ONE STARE OF HERS   
33. THE CAVITY WAS PURELY MINE

34. I KNEW HER BETTER THAN I KNEW MY BREATH   
35. GAME OF LOVE   
36. IN ORDER TO SIGN THE BOND OF LOVE

37. THE WAVE OF LOVE   
38. I WANTED TO IMMORTALLY RESIDE

39. THE NIGHT WAS STILL ALIVE

40. YOU WERE IN MY EVERY HEARTBEAT

41. I STILL FAILED   
42. HAD LEFT ME FOREVER

43. LETS FORGET THIS SOCIETY

44. IMMORTAL LOVERS

45. WHY DON'T YOU SEE

46. THE RICHEST OF ALL

47. ALL THAT I WANTED TO SEE

48. PASSING THROUGH HER HEART

49. PLATFORM OF LOVE

50. ALL DAY AND NIGHT
1. JUST MARRYING HER

Just touching her skin; doesn't mean that you were brutally forcing her,

Just winking at her doesn't mean; that you were perpetually proposing her,

Just playing with her voluptuous hair; doesn't mean that you compassionately cared about her,

Just staring into her rubicund eyes; doesn't mean that you understood every iota of her pain,

Just sitting beside her enchanting grace; doesn't mean that you audaciously shouldered all her miseries in life,

Just tightly clasping her dainty palms; doesn't mean that you understood what she actually desired from life,

Just mischievously pinching her skin; doesn't mean that you were making her feel like an immaculate child,

Just taking her out in your swanky car; doesn't mean that you were pacifying every need of her existence,

Just inscribing her name with a knife on your chest; doesn't mean you were more passionate about her; than the angels in the sky,

Just uttering her name umpteenth number of times in a minute; doesn't mean that you made her every dream manifest into a reality,

Just traversing behind her like a shadow; doesn't mean that you could read what was incessantly going on in her heavenly mind,

Just philandering with her on the romantic mountains; doesn't mean that you were the greatest lover born on this earth,

Just gifting her with some conventionally sleek contraptions; doesn't mean that you had veritably stolen her heart forever,

Just pacing around her seductive countenance; engulfed by a river of nervous sweat; doesn't mean that you could wholesomely commiserate with her proliferating sorrow,

Just wishing her the earliest on her birthday; doesn't mean that you topped her list of boundless admirers,

Just wholesomely applauding her melodiously captivating voice; doesn't mean that you comprehended the agony besieging her soul,

Just frequenting her dwelling insurmountable number of times in the day; doesn't mean that you were the closest to her; till the time she breathed,

Just emulating her every impeccable action; doesn't mean that you were her greatest connoisseur,

And just marrying her in the most grandiloquent fashion on this earth; doesn't mean that you really loved her; had made her yours for times even beyond; what you could contemplate .

2. FOR ME TO BREATHE

For me to smile; it was indispensable that her laughter punctuated profoundly beyond; the realms of fathomless sky,

For me to transiently think; it was indispensable that she unrelentingly fantasized; transgressed through the corridors of profusely enigmatic enchantment,

For me to read; it was indispensable that she had mastered all the scriptures on this boundless planet; already written the wordings of handsome tomorrow,

For me to chew; it was indispensable that she had tasted the most voluptuously exotic fruits that were laden on the trees; filling her majestic belly; bountifully beyond the realms of unprecedented contentment,

For me to win; it was indispensable that she was the invincible emperor; incarcerating every living being in the swirl of her celestially captivating countenance,

For me to whisper; it was indispensable that she sang the most stupendously ingratiating rhymes of the forest; mesmerized infinite entities on earth with her

rhapsodically mesmerizing voice,

For me to flirt; it was indispensable that she loved till times beyond this globe existed; languished in the aisles of insatiable desire with her soul mate,

For me to walk; it was indispensable that she had exuberantly explored every cranny of astronomically gigantic cosmos; tread her dainty foot on the most tantalizing blankets of vibrant yearning,

For me to clap; it was indispensable that she euphorically thumped the air infinite number of times; incessantly bounced on the drums of palpable life for

centuries immemorial,

For me to admire; it was indispensable that she had captured all incredulously fabulous beauty on land in her impeccable eyes; nostalgically reminisced those

moments when she took her first cry as a child,

For me to enjoy; it was indispensable that she relentlessly floated on cloudbursts of mystically surreal imagination; far away from the vagaries of this uncouthly monotonous society,

For me to run; it was indispensable that she fell like streaks of royally white lightening from the sky; instilling a wave of insurmountable passion in every entity lifelessly withering away towards the grave,

For me to feel good; it was indispensable that she relished every unfurling minute of spell binding existence; lived the day to countless hours even beyond the inevitable sunset,

For me to be innocent; it was indispensable that she perennially remained that immaculate angel; ebulliently playing in her mothers lap,

For me to wish; it was indispensable that she acquired all richness that lay embedded in the colossal atmosphere; metamorphosed her every evanescent perception into reality,

For me to adore; it was indispensable that she was the nearest to the Almighty Creator; thoroughly astounded by his unsurpassably vast chapters of creation,

For me to rest; it was indispensable that she possessed the magical prowess of sleeping even when entrenched by heinous viciousness; perpetually remained in a heavenly slumber; which none around could ever break,

For me to foresee; it was indispensable that she was the ultimate master of her own

destiny; lead each instant of her life; to the most unprecedented of her hearts content,

And for me to breathe; it was indispensable that she lived for unfathomable more lives even if I failed to take birth again; benevolently consolidated my attempts of making this earth a better place to live in; even after I lay stone lipped in my grave .

3. LOVE, LOVE AND ONLY LOVE

When I was trespassing through the profusely verdant lawns; I waited for the rain to pelt down in tumultuous fury; drench every agonized pore of my skin with mesmerizing globules of water,

When I was wandering through the dungeons; I waited for the serpent to crawl up my nape; mystically whisper its tales of ingratiating enchantment into the chords of my sensitive eardrum,

When I was loitering through the aisles of the grandiloquent hotel; I waited for my fellow compatriot waiter to serve me dinner; and invite me wholeheartedly inside,

When I was lying on the temple doorstep; I waited for the sacrosanct bells to ring; God's approbations to the new expeditions of my unveiling life,

When I was digging sandcastles on the shores; I waited for the tangy waves to engulf me in entirety; catapult and wholesomely encapsulate in the realms of exuberant

fantasy,

When I was contemplating on the 100th floor of the colossal edifice; I waited for the conglomerate of voluptuously seductive clouds to majestically sweep past my rubicund cheeks,

When I was pathetically strangulated in the monotonous office; I waited for those moments when I would race out like a volcano; thump my fists in unprecedented

exhilaration towards blissful carpets of breeze,

When I was tossing in inexplicable nervousness on my king poster bed; I waited for my revered mother to give me a peck on my cheek; make me feel like the most

invincible entity on this Universe,

When I was incarcerated by the winds of thunderously snoring sleep; I waited for unfathomably gorgeous dreams to perpetuate into my mind; transport me into a

land of insatiable ecstasy,

When I was haplessly brooding over my brutal destiny on the cold ground; I waited for my mischievous sister to pummel me in the ribs; make me shrug all responsibility to be a new born child once again,

When I was on the astronomically mammoth summit of the mountain; I waited for the first rays of the Omnipotent Sun to kiss me; completely annihilate even

the most minuscule trace of devil lingering in my countenance,

When I was in the heart of the jungle; I waited for the royally undaunted lion to arrive; instill in me loads of incomprehensible conviction; with just his single solitary roar,

When I was overwhelmingly tense and frazzled beyond capacity under the mind-boggling work load; I waited for a magnanimous yawn; releasing me uninhibitedly

from corridors of desperation,

When I was seated abreast the golden mellow of the ornate candle; I waited for infinite lines of romantic poetry to flow in torrential downpours from my

fingers; encompassing all the fragrant beauty whispering on this planet,

When I was staring unrelentingly towards the cosmos; I waited for the resplendent moon to arrive; illuminate the profound darkness of my soul with its festoon of

immaculately shimmering rays,

When I was relentlessly marching on my path to save dwindling humanity; I waited for blessings to shower from the sky; to metamorphose my humble mission into a

perpetual reality,

When I was dozing under the gigantic tree; I waited for the coconut to trip down; pacifying the traumatized valleys in my throat with its stupendously

rejuvenating water,

When I robustly inhaling and alive; I waited for the divine light to prudently guide me; engender me to sacrifice my life for irrefutable justice to every living kind,

When I was traversing past the morbid graveyard; I waited for breath to relinquish me in entirety; bond me forever with my mates sleeping blissfully beneath the soil,

And when I was in front of my immortal beloved; I waited for her to say I LOVE YOU, making me entirely oblivious to the most treacherous of pain on my body;

making me speak, worship; and die for ; LOVE, LOVE AND ONLY LOVE .

4. ONE HEART

Bestow me with infinite hands to conquer; invincibly incarcerate every area on the trajectory of this earth in my vice like grip,

Bestow me with infinite eyes to sight; admire every single bit of enchanting charisma embodied in this colossal planet,

Bestow me with infinite legs to walk; reach even the most far off places in this world; explore and ebulliently wander to the most unprecedented limits of my minds content,

Bestow me with infinite fingers to write; so that I could emboss the most boundless scriptures that people couldn't conceive; even in the most rampantly frenzied

of their nocturnal dreams,

Bestow me with infinite brains to fantasize; fomenting me to perceive what lay camouflaged within the exotic conglomerate of voluptuously silken clouds,

Bestow me with infinite tongues to talk; so that I could converse in an unsurpassable myriad of eclectic languages at once; with just a inconspicuously tiny stroke of my mouth,

Bestow me with stomach's to eat; so that I could unrelentingly keep on devouring appetizing food; strewn in bountiful abundance and on every lane I tread,

Bestow me with infinite bones to fight; valiantly stand beneath the ferociously blazing Sun; annihilate treacherous evil all across the world into threadbare ash,

Bestow me with infinite lips to smile; congenially spread the message of philanthropic humanity; to far and distant across the mighty Universe,

Bestow me with infinite droplets of sweat to romance; so that I could bask in the untamed glory of ecstatically exuberant and handsomely escalating passion,

Bestow me with infinite eyelashes to flirt; engendering me to inevitably wink at the most beautiful damsels; gallivanting with gay abandon on varied parts of this earth,

Bestow me with infinite noses to smell; propelling me to submerge myself into incredulous exoticism; sniffing even the most diminutive of fragrance emanating in bliss from the beneath soil,

Bestow me with infinite ears to hear; deciphering the melody in countless voices at a time; with an abruptly nonchalant nod of my head,

Bestow me with infinite necks to dance; gyrate under milky rays of the moon; for centuries immemorial without the slightest of fatigue or exasperated respite,

Bestow me with infinite teeth to chew; masticate succulent berries laden on each area of the gigantic mountain with overwhelmingly astounding joy and blissful relish,

Bestow me with infinite shadows to mystique; drown myself into an unfathomable island of enigma and tantalizing mystery,

Bestow me with infinite nails to scratch; defend myself and my fellow beings against the most diabolical power that trespassed on the surface of this fathomless Universe,

Bestow me with infinite breaths to survive; exist beyond the most deplorable gloom that had precariously engulfed this colossal planet,

But make sure you bestow me with only One Heart to live O! Omnipotent Creator; and over and above all do make sure that you gave it only to the ultimate girl of my

dreams; the entity whom I would love forever and immortally know as my beautiful beloved .

5. COUNTLESS LIVES

It takes countless droplets of liquid to fill the empty bucket; grant its disdainfully dilapidated persona the stature of heavenly water,

It takes countless beams of sunlight to stringently fumigate the entire planet; deluge a myriad of shattered lives with rays of optimistic hope and blissful happiness,

It takes countless streams of crimson blood; to make the body celestially function; surge forward with unsurpassably arduous vigor in life,

It takes countless pinches of golden sands; to evolve the awe-inspiring and colossally magnificent royal desert,

It takes a countless battalion of voluptuously swirling waves; to evolve the boundlessly majestic and saline ocean,

It takes countless alphabets to write a book; mystically portray the spirit of adventure lingering perpetually for fathomless times to unveil,

It takes countless steps of overwhelming tenacity; to reach the astronomically towering pinnacle of gigantic mountain,

It takes countless roots embedded formidably under loose soil; to form an incomprehensibly tall and brazenly Oligarchic tree,

It takes countless blades of seductively green grass; to evolve a fathomlessly mesmerizing and divinely meadow,

It takes countless number of blood stained tears; to achieve what you really want in currently treacherous existence,

It takes countless petals of poignantly scented flower; to evolve a harmoniously synchronized and grandiloquent garland,

It takes a countless artillery of articulate bones; to dexterously manipulate the intricate movements of robustly transgressing human body,

It takes countless seconds of the rhythmically ticking clock; before the austerely blazing fireball of Sun; actually unfurls into the heart of the stupendously

enchanting night,

It takes countless births before we actually dream of taking birth as insurmountably blessed man; having the privilege of being crowned the most superior in the

fraternity of living kind,

It takes countless dreams and an unfathomable ocean of relentless fantasy; before waking up in absolute tranquil harmony at the crack of ephemeral dawn,

It takes countless hours of indefatigable turmoil; to achieve unprecedented corridors of meticulous perfection,

It takes countless draughts of exuberant air; to metamorphose the diminutively burning candle into an incredulously handsome fire escalating unstoppably

towards bits of blue sky,

It takes countless days of innocuous childhood; to mature and harness into professional youth,

And it takes countless lives to find the sacrosanct love of your heart; the love that makes you feel immortally breathing; the love that imparts in you an irrevocable desire; to be forever alive .

6. A HEART PALPITATING WITH MINE

I have never seen eyes more mesmerizing than yours; the majestic seduction with which they fluttered under brilliant sunlight,

I have never seen lips more rubicund than yours; the way they smiled unceasingly even in the most bizarre of affliction they were circumvented with,

I have never seen hair more voluptuous than yours; the stupendously ravishing swirl in which they imprisoned every onlooker who transgressed by,

I have never seen a skin more resplendent than yours; the way it immaculately sparkled right since the first ray of ephemeral dawn; to the deathly hour even well

past after chilly midnight,

I have never seen a nose more piquant than yours; the astounding ability it was bestowed upon to smell; profusely relish and enjoy each fragrance in the

placid atmosphere,

I have never seen sweat more passionate than yours; the astronomically alluring vivacity it was endowed with; to drive away somebody's breath; like a meteor

shot from the blue sky,

I have never seen cheeks more flirtatious than yours; titillating me to the most unprecedented limits and even beyond fathomless eternity,

I have never seen a voice more melodious than yours; the ingratiating aura which it radiated profoundly as it rose and fell with the silken clouds drifting in the sky,

I have never seen a shadow more fascinating than yours; the enchanting trail of mysticism it left for centuries incomprehensible; as it lingered on even after the Herculean day had subsided,

I have never seen a smile more gorgeous than yours; the incredulously ecstatic virtue in it; that made it the irrefutable darling of all tribes,

I have never seen a conviction more firmer than yours; the tumultuously resilient ease; with which you rose up dauntingly to every task of life,

I have never seen hands more impeccable than yours; the dainty caress with which they spread their magic to every object they laid oligarchic demeanor on,

I have never seen a stomach more pristine than yours; the overwhelmingly fabulous way in which it nimbly swished; as the moist carpet of grass made you wonderfully yawn,

I have never seen a character more spotless than yours; the insurmountably floating unbiased empathy in your spell binding conscience,

I have never seen a mind more ingenious than yours; relentlessly fantasizing every unleashing minute; perceiving the most celestial of angels infinite feet above the cosmos,

I have never seen blood more crimson than yours; euphorically traversing through your body at lightening speeds; imparting all surrounding you with spurts of boisterous life,

I have never seen ears more enamoring than yours; the delectable string of feathery sounds they had this uncanny ability to decipher; while the world outside just kept delving into monotonous business,

I have never seen breath more fiery than yours; the unsurpassable ardor and tenacity with which it flowed like a fulminating volcano down your nostrils; bonding

me inseparably with its royal grace,

And let apart seeing; I am sure that there doesn't exist a heart more compassionate than yours; a heart which loves me above all entities trespassing through

this Universe; a heart which has since times immemorial always remained and palpitated with mine .

7. AFTER MARRIAGE

Before marriage she used to keep me handsomely like a king on her lids; dancing them every now and again to rejuvenate my overwhelmingly harried senses,

While after marriage she hardly opened her eyes; kept sleeping like an untamed monster all day; despite the most passionate of my appeals.

Before marriage she harbored me like the most prized ring on her finger; scrubbing it umpteenth number of times with the ointment of her sensuous love,

While after marriage she locked her ornament in her dilapidated rusty safe; leaving me in the realms of obsolete oblivion to contend with the dust and demons.

Before marriage she possessed me like a cherished rose in vase of her heart; harnessing me with the crimson blood that flowed profusely through her veins,

While after marriage she ruthlessly ripped me apart; left me to decay with the stinking pile of garbage and the sweeper blowing me in nonchalant disdain; with the bristles of his threadbare broomstick.

Before marriage she chanted my name infinite times in a single minute; refraining to commence any activity without its irrefutably sacred presence on her lips,

While after marriage she stared like a complete stranger into my innocuous eyes; austerely asking who I indeed was with an unheard abuse.

Before marriage she offered me a place to sit; even if that meant that she stood for mind-boggling hours on the trot,

While after marriage she sat on top of me with her battalion of fat friends; started to thunderously laugh without the slightest of gasp or respite.

Before marriage she remained starved till the time I didn't eat; famishing her dainty persona to unprecedented limits till the moment I fed her the first morsel of food with my very own fingers,

While after marriage she finished breakfast; lunch; dinner at a single shot; made me run for my life before she decided to set her gigantic intentions on my robust skin.

Before marriage she hummed mesmerizing tunes in my ear before I went off to sleep; blessing my dreary countenance with divinely reinvigoration and celestial peace,

While after marriage she woke me the very next instant with her volcanic flurry of snores; commanded me to stand guard on the shivering gate to guard her until

she awoke sometime past brilliant afternoon.

Before marriage she bathed under the heavenly springs; adorned her neck with the most stupendously scented flowers; to astonishingly take my breath away from its

very roots,

While after marriage she kept stubbornly lying like a corpse at one place; ordering me to snap the flies wandering past her month long unwashed cheeks.

Before marriage she imprisoned me in her breath like the most precious jewel that ever existed; immortally holding me close to her chest as it rose and fell

harmoniously; in blissful tandem with the wind,

While after marriage she blew me away like a speck of inconspicuous dirt; attaching a price tag to my neck for auctioning me in the commercial junkyard.

Before marriage she kept compassionately kissing me till eternity; igniting dormant infernos in my visage to leap upto the fathomless sky,

While after marriage I made a dash for safer havens with my tail beneath my legs; as I sighted the entire jugglery of kitchen forks menacingly tighten in her hands.

And Before marriage she made me feel like the King of the Universe; applauding me insurmountably even for the most blatant blunder that I might have committed,

While after marriage she gave her heart to the stone miserably wailing on the streets; wholesomely kept me only to convert it specially for her; into a fountain of new life .

8. FOREVER ALIVE

It was in the light of the candle; that I found mystical enchantment,

It was under the austere rays of Sunlight; that I found my lost ardor to exist,

It was in the realms of the gurgling waterfall; that I found heavenly rejuvenation and an everlasting bliss,

It was under pearly beams of moonshine; that I found overwhelming threads of voluptuous fantasy,

It was in the immortal stillness of the forest; that I found my most intricate of senses,

It was with the resurgent winds of autumn; that I found my mesmerizing prowess to sing,

It was within the dungeons infinite feet beneath; that I found baffling enigmas striking me at astounding speeds,

It was sighting the vivacious peacock; that I found my lost ability to animatedly leap and ecstatically dance,

It was in the island of pearls; that I found majestically royal fantasy of the most astronomical decree,

It was on the summit of the towering mountain; that I found my valor to audaciously confront evil beings,

It was in the tawny cats coat of fur; that I found nostalgic childhood; an insurmountable wave of heavenly mischief,

It was in the blanket of perennially green meadows; that I found an insatiable urge to shut my eyes tightly and celestially sleep,

It was in the heart of the rhapsodically leaping fire; that I found flames of untamed passion and wild romance,

It was in the wisps of satiny clouds; that I found my desire to reside forever in the lap of Almighty lord,

It was in the foundation of the mammoth building; that I found Herculean strength; an inevitable invincibility to single handedly take on the entire world,

It was riding on the back of a fox; that I found uncanny cunningness; the adroit manipulation to exist in this uncouth world,

It was beneath the shell of the tortoise; that I found incomprehensible laziness; a thunderous propensity to rest for several lives,

It was in the sacred lap of my mother; that I found that I was always young; without a trace of fatigue in my severely bloodshot eyes,

And It was in the arms of my beloved; that I found that I was breathing; I was still living after gruesome death; I was forever exuberant and alive .

9. UNFASTENING THE BUTTONS OF HER HEART

When I unfastened the buttons of the sky; there came cloudbursts of rain turbulently pelting down on the parched ground,

When I unfastened the buttons of the soil; all that lay there was fecund chunks of mud blended with ravishing worm and mystical light,

When I unfastened the buttons of the towering castle; there unfolded a grandiloquent extravaganza before my eyes; oligarchic tapestry and an insurmountably royal

ambience was all that touched my innermost senses,

When I unfastened the button of the voluptuously brown cola; there was a fountain of tangy spray that blasted out; to impart incomprehensible rejuvenation to my

dreary soul,

When I unfastened the button of the gargantuan grandfather clock; the watch abruptly stopped to function; and time seemed to come to a virtual standstill although it was well past dawn,

When I unfastened the buttons of the majestically descending parachute; there lay nothing but a flurry of broken bones on the ground; as I hurtled towards

the obdurate soil at a speed faster than that of white light,

When I unfastened the buttons of the ocean; there was an exquisite treasury of coral reef and vivaciously slithering shark that left me in spells of dumbfounded

consternation,

When I unfastened the buttons of the television; a myriad of enthusing tunes and vibrantly tantalizing pictures left me agglutinated to the silver screen for hours unprecedented,

When I unfastened the buttons of the ancient dungeon; I found myself suddenly encompassed by a festoon of glittering gold and biscuits of shimmering silver; as

I collided with an uncanny thud just inches beside the sacrosanct serpent guarding them with its fangs,

When I unfastened the buttons of the delectable dwelling; my vision became all the more sacred as I sighted my unsurpassably cherished mother,

When I unfastened the buttons of rubicund skin; poignant droplets of blood oozed out in torrents of rampant frenzy,

When I unfastened the buttons of the colossal ship; the boat eventually lost its synchronized balance; sank to the rock bottom of the ocean like a bullet fired from the sky,

When I unfastened the buttons of the cloistered bedroom window; a stringent beam of dazzling sunshine crept inside in splendid unison; shrugging off all the languid exhaustion that had uselessly circumvented my soul,

When I unfastened the buttons of the sleeping lotus; there wafted a stupendously seductive odor of rose in the air; deluging my morbid life with tons of

excitement and enthralling happiness,

When I unfastened the buttons of the slippery web; a potbellied black spider brusquely fell on my robust palms; sending me into waves of ecstatic rhapsody,

When I unfastened the buttons of the gorgeous valley; an thunderously loud echo reverberated incessantly; piercing the soft carpet of wind to clash like violent

sparks into the hills,

When I unfastened the buttons of my office shirt; I was left freezing on the snow clad streets; audaciously portraying my shriveled muscle like a deplorable skeleton pole,

When I unfastened the buttons of painstakingly creeping time; I astoundingly found myself perched near my grave; when infact I hadn't even matured past the threshold of impetuous youth,

But the best happened when I unfastened the buttons of her heart; for all that I found there was only my picture; an immortal love and craving for me

passionately pulsating; for many more centuries to blissfully unfold .

10. THE ONLY DON'T

Do abuse me every unfurling second; blurting a string of unheard expletives; for apparently no fault of mine,

Do slap me hard on my cheeks every day as I got up in the morning; spilling blistering tea deliberately on my daintily nimble skin,

Do thrust your foot vindictively in my way; bursting into a volley of thunderous laughter; as I fell head-on on my rubicund nose,

Do stash all your foul garbage as my pillow; evoking me to inevitably sneeze and cough all enchanting night,

Do poke out your tongue in disdainful cynicism; spitting blatantly on my scalp in front of all who wandered with alacrity on the boisterously brilliant streets,

Do shout to your absolute hearts content in my intricate ears; ruthlessly rupturing all my senses to hear and decipher melodious sound,

Do add overwhelming pints inebriating shrub in my coffee at dawn; so that I slept like a giant the entire day; while you gallivanted like a vamp through the lanes displaying your flamboyant flesh,

Do keep incessantly humming irascible tunes; disrupting my spells of intense concentration; engendering me to forget even the last work which I had spoken; just a moment ago,

Do hurl green chili in my crystalline eyes; making me intransigently emancipate blissful shades of life yielding sight,

Do pummel me hard in my robust stomach; trying your newly learnt boxing skills on me; making me gasp for huge breathfulls of precious life,

Do embarrass me to unprecedented limits as I sat in the midst of the mammoth crowd; savagely snatching the mike away from my palms; as I started to utter the

first word of my speech,

Do severe the brakes of my car as I was just about to commence for my exhilarating expedition; triggering my wagon to explode into a ball of pugnaciously golden flames; charring me to raw saw dust; as I plunged like an inconspicuous mosquito into the perilously unfathomable valley,

Do make me polish the shoes of all your friends till they glistened profoundly under sun shine; giving me only stale chunks of threadbare bread to consume for

lunch as well as midnight dinner,

Do emboss your dog's name on my naked chest with your satanically gleaming kitchen knife; rubbing potent doses of salt on my wounds; even before they could

heal the slightest,

Do lambaste me wickedly with a scorpion whip; causing me to shriek in inexplicable anguish; making my day a treacherous nightmare along with my every night,

Do whistle flirtatiously to other boys in the street; with a mischievous twinkle on your face; even as I stared in utter disbelief,

Do give me your worn out clothes to wear; sending people in the town into uncontrollable guffaws; as they perceived me to be half a muscular man; half a

ravishing woman,

Do emulate my signature; withdrawing my entire armory of unsurpassable wealth at a single stretch from the banks; rendering me penurious; begging and bizarrely

homeless on the streets,

O.K. and while I would infact tolerate the most astronomically long and unending list of your diabolical do's; it would be on a singular condition of my ONE AND ONLY DON'T, For that is actually not me; but my heart saying; "PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME" .

11. BUT AT LEAST ALLOW ME

I won't mind it at all if you didn't allow me inside with you; when you went to attend the glamorous party,

But at least allow me to sit outside on the steps; engross myself rhapsodically in your faint tunes; that nimbly floated in the atmosphere.

I won't mind it at all if you didn't offer me a ride behind your flamboyant bike; zipped ahead like an untamed tornado without slackening your speed or respite,

But at least allow me to watch you from my window; pray for you relentlessly to God; asking him to wade off the tiniest of evil that might be transgress

viciously across your persona.

I won't mind it at all if you didn't invite me for dinner; when infact you had called even the most bedraggled of beggars to attend the bombastic fiesta,

But at least allow me to collect the left over's of your food; cherish and enjoy your ethereal essence for times immemorial.

I won't mind it at all if you didn't speak my name even once in your entire lifetime; remained profusely lost and captivated in wholesomely surreal fantasy of your own,

But at least allow me to chant yours till the time I died; overwhelmingly remember your fabulous countenance till I inhaled my last breath.

I won't mind it at all if you miserably failed to recognize me even when I passed at whisker lengths from your body; made an insurmountably scornful face;

shrugging your nose in disdain towards open space,

But at least allow me to keep a blurred photograph of yours close to my heart; perceive you in the most stupendous forms possible every unleashing minute of

the sweltering day.

I won't mind it at all if you spat ruthlessly on my face; kicked me in my rear like a football; trying to hurl me in a hurry towards my ultimate place in the heavens,

But at least allow me to admire the sweat that trickled prolifically from your nape; in your ominous attempts to make me disappear forever from this planet.

I won't mind it at all if you turned your back in dreariness as soon as you saw me; instead talked to unprecedented limits with the other man who was perpetually blind,

But at least allow me to caress your mesmerizing and fleeting shadow; which lingered transiently for a while; and then thoroughly lost itself in the granules of earth.

I won't mind it at all if you charred my bones to inconspicuous raw ash; punctured my robust body with a flurry of pugnaciously hostile bullets,

But at least allow me to sketch your enchanting contours on slippery sea soil; savor your incredulously glorious memories all my life.

I won't mind it at all if you barbarically blinded me; piercing my intricate eyeballs with gleaming rods of scarlet fire,

But at least allow me to feel the winds that kissed you while drifting; not only imparting me with the unsurpassable exuberance to lead the day; but to

audaciously face my entire life.

And I won't mind it at all if you didn't give me a position in your heart; blowing me off like an infinitesimal speck of dirt into obsolete oblivion,

But at least allow me to listen to your passionately palpitating beats; which I had an irrefutable feeling would someday throb only for me; would someday be

always mine .

12. STAMP

Every envelope needed a stamp of indispensable denomination; in order to successfully deport and proficiently reach its consummate place of destination,

Every writer needed a stamp of is publisher as well as his consortium of ardent admirers; in order to gain profound inspiration and surge ahead with flamboyance

in life,

Every mountain needed the stamp of blistering Sun; in order to feel pompously elated and tower handsomely towards open patches of blue sky,

Every dog needed the stamp of its master; in order to incessantly wag its tail in exuberant happiness; loyally guard colossal property that lay perilously

vulnerable all throughout the treacherous night,

Every mother needed the stamp of her innocuous child; in order to make her life complete in all respects; in order to make her realize that she was indeed the

richest woman alive,

Every palm needed the stamp of enigmatic lines; in order to provide it the unfathomably mystical and rich luxury of destiny,

Every horse needed the stamp of its rider; in order to gallop majestically through undulating expanse of boundless land; win the race amidst countless other of

its kin and kind,

Every pen needed the stamp of its manufacturer; in order to optimistically emboss unsurpassable lines of exquisite literature; keep indefatigably writing with

tumultuous confidence,

Every ocean needed the stamp of its vivaciously swirling waves; in order to portray to the world that it was turbulently tangy and a stupendously magnificent sight,

Every chest needed the stamp of impeccable fabric; in order to accentuate its robustly bulging contours to the outside world; present itself congenially and blend superbly with the intricacies civilized society,

Every day needed the stamp of date; in order to depict its overwhelmingly vital significance; keep in tandem with the exact unleashing of whirlwind time,

Every meadow of green grass needed the stamp of the sacrosanct cow; in order to prove that it was indeed the most exotic food found on this planet; had

encompassed in its blades all the inevitable ingredients to sustain life,

Every web woven with slimy thread needed the stamp of the long legged spider; in order to cast its mystically enigmatic impression on the aliens who faintly witnessed it,

Every boat needed the stamp of a captain; in order maneuver adroitly through the stormy waters; transport its scores of insurmountably nostalgic passengers;

safely to the welcome shores,

Every jeweled throne needed the stamp of a prince; in order to continue its lineage of oligarchic legacy; look incredulously royal even under the most diminutive rays of moonlight,

Every skeleton needed the stamp of rubicund flesh; in order to tenaciously move; rise up with inexorable resilience to each horrendous barricade of life,

Every kettle needed the stamp of reinvigorating sizzling brown tea; in order that people caressed its glistening periphery with loads of compassionate warmth,

Every shoe needed the stamp of bohemian foot; in order to kick rhapsodically in ebullient atmosphere; hurl itself with rampant freedom to every nook and cranny

that it liked,

Every eye needed the stamp of sparkling vision; in order to profusely engross and admire the unfathomable number of sights that existed bountifully in this world,

Every tongue needed the stamp of commanding voice; in order to make its presence felt amongst a horde of wolves; and celestially survive,

And every heart needed the stamp of immortal love; to passionately palpitate not only in life; but even infinite years after inevitable death .

13. YOU ARE MY BELOVED

You are a mesmerizing fairy; that keeps incessantly coming in each of my dreams,

You are an innocuously sweet angel; making me bask in the glory of my blissful childhood,

You are a delectably enchanting cloud; which floats poignantly all day; encompassing each corner of my eye,

You are a star that keeps indefatigably shining in the azure sky; profusely illuminating my every single night,

You are a voluptuous carpet of scarlet roses; that wafted stupendously exotic scent for me to inhale each hour,

You are a majestically clashing ocean; which inundates every unleashing minute of my life with unprecedented ecstasy,

You are an incredible painting; which blesses my life with vivacious shades of effusively vibrant color,

You are tantalizing droplets of rain; which imparts me with an indomitable ardor to surge forward audaciously in every aspect of existence,

You are a field of impeccably shimmering cotton; that generates the sacred virtue of honesty in my wretched conscience,

You are a brilliant beam of unconquerable sunlight; that filters with divinely grace into my cloistered and gloomy heart,

You are a golden globule of honey; that makes me profoundly glisten in the sweetness of omnipotent life,

You are a ravishing peacock; that entices me every instant; into cloudbursts of fantasy as you unveiled your coat of silken feathers to a complete blossom,

You are a spring of celestial water; that pacifies my overwhelmingly parched senses; with heavenly love and perpetual care,

You are a astonishingly seductive and cheeky nightingale; which permeates my dreary soul; with enchanting tunes for times immemorial,

You are an island of rejuvenating spice; which doesn't leave any scope in my life to be the slightest despondent or dejected,

You are a festoon of royally scintillating pearls; that foments me to rhapsodically philander across every nook and cranny of this colossal earth,

You are an idol of irrefutable truth; whom I leaned upon in my times of inexplicable distress and traumatized pain,

You are an sacrosanct entity; who has nothing but unfathomable love in your turbulently palpitating heart,

But more importantly than anything; you have a distinction perhaps even more than God in my life; as YOU ARE MY BELOVED .

14. LIKE NOBODY ELSE

I admired your immaculate eyes every unleashing minute; for drowning me in the glory of their stupendously emphatic moisture,

I caressed your voluptuous coat of black hair for times immemorial; feeling their softness tingle me till the last bone down my spine,

I entwined my palms with your heavenly fingers; bonding my impoverished soul with yours for centuries unfathomable,

I passionately kissed your seductively rosy lips; absorbing their sweetness with relentless ardor and charm,

I floated handsomely in your tantalizing dreams; philandering audaciously on cloud nine with your countenance resting on my shoulders,

I ardently smelt the fiery breath that descended like a volcano from your nostrils; feeling that unprecedented enthusiasm swelling prolifically in your pulse,

I profoundly engrossed myself into the cadence of your mesmerizing voice; blending completely with the mystical enigma that enveloped your every stride,

I ran like an untamed panther behind your enchanting shadow; intricately following

its contours till I collapsed on the hard ground in a drearily bedraggled heap,

I lay on your stomach for marathon hours of the day and for every instant of the tumultuously stormy night; my head rising and falling with each breath of yours which was now wholesomely mine,

I stood like an invincible fortress by your side; trying my Herculean best to wade off the most minuscule of evil hovering by your divinely side,

I wrote your name with my blood infinite times in a single day; making it an immortal epitome for every lover transgressing fanatically on the trajectory of this planet,

I voraciously rubbed your fabulously silken skin in freezing whirlwinds of snow; imparting your majestic visage with incomprehensible loads of compassionate

warmth,

I stared like a child into the contours of your vivacious face; exploring something new and incredulously rejuvenating; as you winked innocuously under the milky moonlight,

I worshipped your celestial feet every dawn; as the first beam of sunlight timidly filtered through my gloomily obfuscated window,

I tickled you uncontrollably in your ribs; supremely relishing the astoundingly tinkling charisma in your tangy laughter,

I patiently waited for your footsteps to arrive; completely lost in a gorgeously romantic fantasy; moving my head nimbly towards the handsomely setting amber Sun,

I confided to you even the most weirdest perceptions of my mind; sharing with you each embarrassing moment of my life,

I sketched enamoring shapes of your oligarchic persona with articulate strokes of my paint brush; imprisoning your unparalleled beauty on the blank canvas of my body,

And I loved your heart LIKE NOBODY ELSE could ever dare to do; not only in this birth; but for fathomless more births to unfold and evolve into new life .

15. COMPLETE CONTROL

I didn't want to capture her eyelashes; the ostentatious mascara delectably embellishing her nimble lids,

I didn't want to capture her skin; which glowed to an overwhelmingly voluptuous crimson under the impact of garishly personified talcum powder,

I didn't want to capture her lips; which had profuse coating of pretentiously sleazy lipstick,

I didn't want to capture her hair; which had bombastic coatings of contemporary hair dye,

I didn't want to capture her waist; which danced tantalizingly enveloped by chains of haughty silver,

I didn't want to capture her earlobes; swishing daintily with opulent emeralds of sapphire green; procured fresh from the sea,

I didn't want to capture her palms; embossed with mystical designs available rampantly in the contemporary market,

I didn't want to capture her breath; which was now blended with the most alluring of artificial sandalwood perfume,

I didn't want to capture her fingers; which were adorned with a myriad of pompously glittering rings,

I didn't want to capture her voice; which had profound traces of a deliberately pernicious slang embedded in it,

I didn't want to capture her teeth; which had prominent encapsulations of the most expensive paste adhering them,

I didn't want to capture her muscle; which had evolved over a period of time; after her voracious consumption of exorbitantly costly steroids,

I didn't want to capture her shadow; as it meekly coalesced with obsolete oblivion without the most minuscule of prior notice,

I didn't want to capture her sweat; which was incredulously scented with the boundless repertoire of body lotions she used; literally every unfurling

minute of the marathon day; every time before she closed her eyes for the sultry night,

I didn't want to capture her cheeks; which were indiscriminately inundated with truck loads of pertinent chemical sprays,

I didn't want to capture her saliva; which had obnoxious traces of foreign chewing gum and cherry,

I didn't want to capture her nails; which were painted with the most gaudily conventional nail polish available in the trendy market,

I didn't want to capture her conscience; which had inevitably become manipulative; as she struggled for her existence in this uncouth world,

Although each part of her body appeared artificial; there was definitely one thing that I wanted to capture; and that was her heart; longing and thunderously throbbing wilder than the most wildest of storm; more importantly than anything rendering me the complete control of its passionate beats .

16. TEARS OF IMMORTAL LOVE

When I saw the ocean swirling ecstatically towards the sky; trying to touch the Sun in its profoundly untamed glory;

There were tears of sheer adventure that dribbled from my eyes; transiting me into a land of fabulously enchanting fantasy .

When I saw the moon creeping nimbly into vibrantly blue cosmos; making way for the magnificently star studded night,

There were tears of placid contentment that trickled from my eyes; and my whole body commenced to prepare itself for a celestially satisfying nocturnal sleep .

When I saw the silhouette of the preposterously diabolical giant menacing full throttle towards me; ready to gobble upon my innocuous form,

There were tears of uncanny fear that oozed from my eyes; as each part of my skin got engulfed with profusely nervous sweat .

When I saw my fellow compatriots in tumultuous pain; with uncouth wounds of hopeless despair encompassing the periphery of their cracked lips,

There were tears of inexplicable sorrow that poured from my eyes; as I took a resolution to once again transform God's created earth into a veritable paradise .

When I saw the potbellied spider fall infinite times; yet rise again to eventually accomplish weaving its cozy web,

There were tears of fortified conviction that flowed from my eyes; as each bone in my impoverished demeanor; got ready to confront the most mightiest of challenge on this planet .

When I saw the boundless conglomerate of pigeons pecking each other passionately; in wee hours of the wonderfully ravishing night,

There were tears of uninhibited passion that crept out of my eyes; as a cloudburst of insatiable desire shot through cabin compartments of my brain .

When I saw the festoon of red ants clambering on the towering elephant; fomenting him to fall like a box of soggy matchsticks on obdurate ground,

There were tears of awe inspiring self confidence that gushed out of my eyes; as I realized suddenly that true power lies solely in the mind .

When I saw the sacrosanct virtue of truth being massacred indiscriminately on all quarters of this Universe; being weighed with a platter of spurious currency all the time,

There were tears of utter hopelessness that shot out of my eyes; as I spat my wholesome best on disastrously dwindling mankind .

When I saw the divinely countenance of my mother parading by my side; bustling around in thorough anticipation of my well being,

There were tears of overwhelming gratitude that drizzled from my eyes; as I touched her feet in due obeisance; poignantly kissed her palms for bringing me into this fathomless world .

And when I saw the vivaciously enchanting visage of my beloved; her incomprehensibly alluring fragrance that took complete control over my every breath,

There were tears of immortal love that cascaded from my eyes; as I embraced her perpetually in my arms; obscuring our entities forever from this manipulatively blood thirsty planet .

17. EXCEPT THE GIRL

The mesmerizing tunes of the voluptuous nightingale; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which emanated from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who came every unfurling minute in my ocean of dreams .

The boisterously buzzing tunes of the queen bee; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which diffused from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who tantalized me unrelentingly with the fragrance of her mystical breath .

The melodious tunes spiraling handsomely from the delectable piano; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which oozed from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who cast an enigmatic spell on each path I tread .

The cacophonic tunes of croaking frogs; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which flowed from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who left me astoundingly dumbfounded; with the crimson color of her innocuous cheeks .

The tunes of tumultuous thunder pouring from sky; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which sky rocketed from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who conjured me into a spell of celestially unending sleep .

The treacherously satanic tunes of the monster approaching; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which cascaded from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who maneuvered me into a land of incomprehensibly beautiful fantasy .

The vivacious tunes of the giant drum; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which descended from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who granted me the astronomical conviction to confront every aspect of life .

The ominous tunes of the hideously hissing snake; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which shot from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who made me feel perpetually young; with insurmountable mischief lingering on her

face .

The passionate tunes of the ocean clashing against the rocks were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which dribbled from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who drowned me profusely in the ingratiating aura of her divinely voice .

And the vital tunes of existence on this planet; were heard by everybody,

But the tunes which crept from my breath; were heard by none; except the girl who impregnated new life every second in my impoverished persona; the girl who

infact I proudly called my beloved .

18. LOVE; LOVE AND SIMPLY LOVE

I couldn't talk non stop; for after a while; the chords of my intricate throat started to hurt; and a gruesome hoarseness besieged my persona,

I couldn't walk non stop; for after a while; the soles of my feet started to ache; and the conglomerate of dreary bones in my body demanded celestial rest,

I couldn't write non stop; for after a while; my fingers swelled like a plump tomato; and the disdainful sweat on my palms started to drip obnoxiously on barren sheets of white paper,

I couldn't stare non stop; for after a while; my voluptuously soft cushion of lids fell down with a sigh; and the whites of my eye were desperate to get rid of the tumultuous stinging,

I couldn't eat non stop; for after a while; the tunnels of my stomach threatened to puke; and the buds of my tongue abhorrently repulsed the most exotic of taste,

I couldn't dance non stop; for after a while; the fantasy in my mind wholesomely subsided; and I inevitably collapsed on soil for my nocturnal slumber under the resplendent stars,

I couldn't plough non stop; for after a while; the acrimonious rays of the Sun stabbed me like a billion needles; and the gallons of golden sweat which dribbled; made me loose holistic degrees of control,

I couldn't swim non stop; for after a while; the tenacity in my arms seemed to be diminishing; and the fathomless expanse of waters made me return back to the heavenly shores,

I couldn't party non stop; for after a while; the pretentious smoke of cigar took its toll on my natural nerves; and the sonorously manipulative style of talking; assassinated all my raw exuberance in its premature buds,

I couldn't study non stop; for after a while; beads of exasperation began to entrench me from all sides; and life became nothing but a series of disastrously monotonous equations to confront,

I couldn't sing non stop; for after a while; all tunes existing seemed to be puncturing me like fulminating volcano's; and I lost complete identity of my very own voice,

I couldn't dream non stop; for after a while; the pragmatic realities of life started to pinch me overwhelmingly; and the penurious conditions which currently engulfed me; obstructed me in my path of transforming all my perceptions into a perpetual

reality,

I couldn't fight non stop; for after a while; realization dawned upon me that it was all baseless; and I needed to contribute something towards deteriorating mankind,

I couldn't sleep non stop; for after a while; I felt the blistering mid day sunshine filtering unbearably through my eyes; and the framework of my countenance became restless to be on the move,

I couldn't drive non stop; for after a while; the world outside became an incessantly revolving whiz; and I frantically wanted to trespass at normal speeds once again,

I couldn't rule non stop; for after a while; I felt as if I was completely losing my indigenous identity; and the voice of my conscience commanded me to rest blissfully in the lap of my revered mother,

I couldn't focus non stop; for after a while; the insurmountably restless urges in my soul got the better of me; and I found myself pondering on everything else; other than what I was supposed to concentrate,

I couldn't play non stop; for after a while; the will to majestically survive made me march dynamically towards the summit; slither with uninhibited passion; to achieve all my goals in life,

I couldn't hate non stop; for after a while; the inexorably omnipotent voice of my mind condemned me for my cowardly behavior; and the blood circulating in

my veins fomented me to embrace my fellow mates in pain,

I couldn't lie non stop; for after a while; an astronomically ardent desire to disentangle myself from this web of lechery; and my tongue candidly conveyed its explicit set of ideals,

But there was only one virtue which I could do non stop; and which not only I; but every entity with a throbbing heart has been doing since centuries immemorial; a virtue which even the greatest of God's have bowed down too; a virtue which has its immoral essence dissipated in every nook and cranny of this boundless planet; O! yes I feel the richest man on this earth to proclaim it as LOVE; LOVE AND SIMPLY

LOVE .

19. FOR INFINITE LIVES

Let a magician come in front of you; trying to cast a spell on your mesmerizing countenance; with his unfathomable flurry of ingenious tricks,

Let the clouds be attracted inevitably towards your voluptuous voice; trying their best to impress you upon with tantalizing globules of rain,

Let a battalion of handsome snakes slither around you; endeavoring to entrench you in the swirl of their mystically enchanting hood,

Let the mightily colossal waves of the ocean clash against your divinely form; trying to engulf you in the aura of tumultuously tangy froth,

Still come what may; nobody on this earth could ever touch you; as your immortal love would not only be for this life; but for infinite lives; always be mine .

Let the desert sands fly in rampant frenzy; insatiably wishing to stick on your immaculately glowing skin,

Let majestic eagles in the sky build their nest above your dwelling; trying to have a surreptitious glimpse of you; after pearly midnight,

Let the turbulent breeze deliberately kiss you as it passed; basking in the glory of its spuriously passionate rendezvous,

Let the needles of the grandiloquently colonial clock stop in anticipation of you to awaken; tick at wild velocities when you wanted time to fly,

Still come what may; nobody on this earth could ever touch you; as your immortal love would not only be for this life; but for infinite lives; always be mine .

Let the Sun try and incarcerate you in its web of flamboyantly fiery rays; trying to blind you wholesomely with the astronomical tenacity of its light,

Let the grass voluptuously tickle your soles; secretly enjoying your ravishing warmth as you trespassed like an angel through its green stalks,

Let the owl stare unrelentingly at you for hours immemorial; trying to hypnotize you with its enigmatically crystalline eyes,

Let the avalanche of snow melt in torrential frenzy; to evoke sympathy; as you cast your impeccable eyes upon its manipulative demeanor,

Still come what may; nobody on this earth could ever touch you; as your immortal love would not only be for this life; but for infinite lives; always be mine .

Let all the mouths on this planet shout to their hearts content; trying to win you by the overwhelming domination in their tone,

Let the society starve you to unprecedented limits; in order to enforce upon you; the partner of their dictatorial choice,

Let the streams cascading down from the mountains change their direction; to flow across the sacred paths you celestially tread,

Let every activity on this Universe come to an abrupt standstill; every tangible eyeball rivet to your irrefutably poignant visage; trembling in uncontrollable agony to make you the queen of their hearts,

Still come what may; nobody on this earth could ever touch you; as your immortal love would not only be for this life; but for infinite lives; always be mine .

20. BUT YOU WOULD STILL FAIL

You could mercilessly snatch my eyes; engender a blanket of gruesomely debilitating darkness to wholesomely engulf me till eternity,

You could make me dismally dumb; with my tongue refraining to utter even the most tiniest of sound,

You could maim me worse than a dying dog; fomenting me to slither pathetically on the ground; as I tried to surge the slightest of distance forward,

You could starve me more brutally than the scorching desert; savagely drying the last drop of blood circulating in my body,

But you would still fail to make me forget her; unwind me from the web of her supremely invincible love; unwind me from the place in her heart that was perpetually mine .

You could make me haplessly beg on the boisterous streets; shiver uncontrollably in the freezing night; adorning me in rags of disdainful barbed wire,

You could satanically smash my scalp into infinite fragments; making me swoon in a bloody heap towards profusely dusty ground,

You could incarcerate me in a dungeon replete with lethal scorpion; and even the most obscure beam of Sunlight; being an insurmountably far cry,

You could make me treacherously transgress over a blanket of sizzling embers; making me inevitably shrug holistic degrees of blissful control,

But you would still fail to make me forget her; unwind me from the web of her supremely invincible love; unwind me from the place in her heart that was

perpetually mine .

You could throw me diabolically from the fathomless sky; laugh to your hearts content; as nobody on this earth could now recognize me in my unfathomably broken form,

You could blend the most heinous poison in the water that I sipped; watching me horrendously gasp for mammoth breathfulls of serene air,

You could strip me uncouthly of all the wealth I possessed; leave me to confront my destiny; abreast an island of serrated skinned alligators,

You could shoot me right through the head; with a battalion of boundless bullets hurling at unsurpassable speeds from your murderously gleaming revolver,

But you would still fail to make me forget her; unwind me from the web of her supremely invincible love; unwind me from the place in her heart that was

perpetually mine .

You could crucify me to bodily submission; nailing my nimble persona with an incomprehensible armory of barbaric thorns,

You could use me as food for the preposterously gigantic whale; tossing me like a chunk of dilapidated vegetable; right into the moaning monsters mouth,

You could squelch me to inconspicuous pulp against the chain of blood curling rocks; before eventually dumping me countless kilometers beneath my corpse,

You could make every step of my life more tyrannical than infinite hell's combined together; stabbing me every unfurling second with astronomical amount of

unbearable pain,

But you would still fail to make me forget her; unwind me from the web of her supremely invincible love; unwind me from the place in her heart that was

perpetually mine .

21. FIERY PASSIONATE

The color of the moon was pure white; with its pearly rays illuminating the profoundly ghastly night,

The color of the sky was crystalline blue; with its conglomerate of silken clouds playing hide and seek with the sunlight,

The color of the lips was rosy pink; with their voluptuous periphery making even the most diabolical of entity succumb to their knees,

The color of the night was gruesome black; with its enchantment casting a mystical spell on all animate and inanimate hovering around,

The color of gold was glittering yellow; and its glow besieging every eye that sighted it with an immortal longing for impregnable supremacy,

The color of the rainbow was vivaciously vivid; with the world staring at it in unfathomable fascination,

The color of the deserts was timidly brown; with its colossal expanse of sands absorbing unsuspectingtravelers in its slippery swirl,

The color of hair was as dark as the eerie tunnel; with its boundless fibers swishing in waves of enigmatic euphoria,

The color of farm chili was parrot green; with its piquant spice fomenting tears to ooze at random from the eyes,

The color of blood was handsomely scarlet; with its stains irrefutably refraining to erase once applied,

The color of the ocean was royally sapphire; with its ravishing waves striking gleefully against the jagged chain of glistening rocks,

The color of the infant was amicably pearly; with its incessant cries making it the unconquerable darling of all who passed by,

The color of the savage convict was steel grey; with his eyes burning fire and profuse vindication at being jailed for long years,

The color of soil was majestically bronze; with its stupendous layers of fertility blossoming into robust crop; ensuring that mankind never dwindled; never died,

The color of the mother was sacredly frosty; sequestering her baby from the most inconspicuous of evil lurking about in this world,

The color of the fish was delectably silver; gliding its way tantalizingly through the deep expanse of obscure waters,

The color of ice was stringently transparent; with its astounding prowess to cool providing reprieve to millions of adventurers in scorching heat,

The color of water was austerely plain; with its sparkling globules pacifying the thirst of fathomless beings every unleashing second of the day,

The color of fire was incredulously golden; with its crackling flames imparting unsurpassable warmth to every human shivering on the streets in acerbic winter,

The color of the creator was a blend of all colors existing on this earth; the most magnificent shade of them all; silencing everyone his supremely Omnipotent

power and invincible grace,

And the color of love was FIERY PASSIONATE; imprisoning every human; imprisoning every breathing organism in the flame of its agony; the cloud of its

incomprehensible desire .

22. 3 COMPLETE DAYS, 3 COMPLETE NIGHTS

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; I dreadfully shivered; collapsing in utter nervousness on the obdurate ground,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; I forgot to normally blink; stared unrelentingly into open space as if somebody had stabbed me in my chest; the entire world outside had come to an abrupt end,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; I felt all hunger die a ghastly death in my stomach; with my body refusing all food and tepid water,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; the blood flowing through my veins froze midway; with the hair on my body standing up in unfathomable gloom,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; my skull relinquished all memory; floundered to function harmoniously with the commercial world outside; wholesomely lost in the realms of your mesmerizing

fantasy; the compassionate moistness in your breath that used to flow when you were close by my side,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; all words tumbled mumble-jumble from my mouth; with a severely debilitating coma crippling each corner of my brain; and my heart palpitating like a missile about to deafeningly explode,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3seconds in the day came to my mind; my body started perspiring more than the most tumultuous of storm; an

ocean of tears welled up my eye; poured indefatigably beyond the most sagacious of my control; my soul went berserk with incomprehensible hysteria,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; my teeth started to inexorably clatter even in the most acerbic of Sunlight; infinite goose-bumps crept up on my palm in morbid exhilaration; everything outside my window seemed to be diabolical and profusely poisoned,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; all my fantasies and dreams got buried boundless feet beneath the corpse; every part of me started to vehemently hate the society; with a feeling of assassinating every

entity traversing on this earth slowly creeping in my persona; as my bouts of boiling anger rose to the peak,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

Even when the thought of leaving you for a mere 3 seconds in the day came to my mind; I abdicated even the most tiniest of urge to live further; forcefully closed my eyes and breath to blend my heart and soul with the Omnipotent creator,

And today you were blatantly telling me in my face; that you planned to leave me for 3 complete days; 3 complete nights.

23. YOUR LOVE FOR ME

Your love for me was not like the disloyally changing shape of the Moon; which blatantly metamorphosed its pearly body at the onset of every night,

Infact I have profound pride in stating; that it was like the resplendent blanket of shimmering stars which shone for countless decades; illuminating my gloomy

household with enchanting light.

Your love for me was not like the tumultuous storm; which devoured even the minutest of entity in its thunderous swirl,

Infact I have profound pride in stating; that it was like the delectable draught of wind; which arose every evening; mystically tingling the camouflage of dense leaves with its dainty charm and grace.

Your love for me was not like the poignantly burning candle; which diminished wholesomely; a few minutes after ferociously igniting into a ball of flames,

Infact I have profound pride in stating; that it was like the fire which burnt unrelentingly towards the sky; becoming more and more passionate as the pinnacle

of darkness encroached every space.

Your love for me was not like the swanky bottle of expensive scent; which started to rot away soon after initially flooding every bit of scorched atmosphere,

Infact I have profound pride in stating; that it was like the stupendously fragrant lotus; which spread its essence without distinction; captivated me for many births yet to unveil in the aura of its enigmatic redolence.

Your love for me was not like the callous bird mother; who deserted her children a few days after they had hatched from the egg; and after adeptly teaching them to fly high,

Infact I have profound pride in stating; that it was like the human mother; who harnessed and nourished her baby for marathon years even after he attained maturity; catered to the most inconspicuous of his demand till the time she found herself on her inevitable deathbed.

Your love for me was not like pelting drops of violent rain; which gave just momentary pleasure to my flesh and then left me dry and mourning as the blistering

Sun crept up in the sky,

Infact I have profound pride in stating that; it was like the colossal ocean with piquantly escalating waves; which provided warmth and rejuvenation to my dirty body; at the unleashing of dawn every morning.

Your love for me was not like a sleazy television commercial; which sent ravishing chills down my spine as the instant I viewed it; and then left me longing for more as the boring news came by,

Infact I have profound pride in stating that; it was like the mesmerizing fable that had an unprecedented impact on my destiny; bequeathed a moral to my life.

Your love for me was not like slippery granules of sand; which seductively caressed my skin for fraction of seconds; and then unavoidably trickled onto the boiling soil,

Infact I have profound pride in stating that; it was like the century old Banyan tree which had its roots firmly impregnated in ground; was almost invincible to dismantle even when the entire army tried to tear it down.

Your love for me was not like the swashbuckling aircraft which transported the passenger at electric speeds from one destination to another; made him feast

on the magnificent cocoon of white clouds as he sipped wine seated on the plush upholstery; before eventually leaving him to crawl miserably towards his destination

on naked feet,

Infact I have profound pride in stating that; it was like the divine fairy wandering in the cosmos; who inundated my senses every unfurling second with all the pleasure and fantasy that existed on this planet.

And your love for me was not like the throbbing heart which palpitated beyond the point of no control at one instant, and relinquished breath the other; abandoning

me in a condition of complete disbelief and disarray;

Infact I have profound pride in stating that; it was like the soul which was timeless; which would continue to live for unfathomable number of years even after the last entity on this earth had died; which strangulated me entirely in its perpetual grip; which gave my life a new beginning every time I felt I was dead.

24. STEALING MY HEART

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my car; whizzed past the meandering slopes of the valley at roaring speeds; and blended profusely with the spirit of adventure,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my swanky perfume bottle; flooded your entire entity by prolifically sprinkling the same; basked in the aisles of unsurpassable fragrance that emanated as a ramification,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my shoes; audaciously clambered up the mountains; tightly fitting them to your nimble skinned soles,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my drum replete with glistening jewels; embellished your entire body with scintillating garments portraying them bombastically to the outside world,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my appetizing morsels of food; feasted on the same sipping delectable pints of red wine on the verdant slopes of the ecstatic waterfall,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my entire wardrobe of clothes; philandered through the rustic fields adorned in cowboy boots; audaciously brandishing your tomboyish attire,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my feather tipped pen; sketched exquisite shapes of the voluptuous stars lingering in the cosmos; emptied all the ink entrapped within to sign the bulky chequebooks,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my books; had a smashing time in browsing through the majestic ensemble of beautiful words; drowning yourself wholesomely into the tantalizing fantasy imprisoned within,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my colossal dwelling; leaving me scorched and dry on the streets to uncertainly weave my way around,

It didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my children; frolicked and enjoyed with them on the sea shores; while I brooded incessantly in moments of gruesome silence,

It didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my diamond studded sword; swished it violently around; pretentiously pretending to inhabit the royal throne,

It didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole by bushy beard and moustache; tossing my hair around in unprecedented glee; after plucking them from my skin furtively in the night,

It didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole every single penny of my wealth; absconded away with the gargantuan conglomerate of currency that I had perspired for all my life,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my entire fleet of teeth; adroitly removing them after injecting me with unfathomable doses of sedation; giving them as a special bone to your pet dog to relish and chew,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my fame; perfidiously bad mouthed about me to as far and wide as you possibly could in this world; trying to abysmally look me down in front of people whom I irrefutably revered and adored,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my infectious smile; whipping me indefatigably with your acerbic string of sardonic comments; made me cry by hurling at me abuses which I had never come across in the most wildest of my

dreams,

It really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my ideals; inevitably compelling me to act against my own wishes; blackmailing me indiscriminately by exploiting my supremely sensitive points,

And it really didn't matter to me the slightest; even if you stole my life; made me relinquish precious breathing; secretly poisoning the water I gulped; viciously adulterating my big tumbler of morning milk with snake venom,

As all these things were too trivial to bother me; for you had already committed a robbery even greater than this stealing my heart when you met me several years

ago; making me a slave of your immortal love;

And today whatever else you stole did not impact me the slightest; simply and miserably failed to bother me at all .

25. THE PERFECT MALE ATTIRE

Gloves of sensuality; to caress the skin with unprecedented relish; send shivers of untamed exhilaration down the spine,

Shoes of invincible victory; marching on the remotest of land; waving the flag of triumph in flamboyant spurts of fervor,

A tie blended with flirtatious mischief; used to blindfold the eyes in wholesome entirety,

A watch of incessant speed; ticking indefatigably round the clock; in wee hours of the midnight; as well as in the peak of the brilliantly sunlit day,

A shirt of stupendously woven designs; ruffled majestically at the collar; to captivate the attention of every ravishingly wandering damsel,

A necklace of daintily scintillating pearls; extracted freshly from the oyster; drowning every entity in the ocean of its profoundly pearly shine,

A pair of astoundingly stitched socks; imparting compassionate warmth to the feet; enticing every eye towards the petite leg,

A tantalizing shade of mystical mascara; conjuring every breathing soul around with the magic in its enigmatic charm,

A trouser of pure jute; with mesmerizing rings of denim and golden buttons to engulf the sensuous belly,

Rings of holistic diamond shimmering in tandem on the finger; painstakingly luring every fairy in the unfathomable resplendence of its shine,

A perfume of exotic sandalwood shrub; wafting a supremely seductive aura from the perspiring armpits,

An oil that glistens even under placid rays of the moon; radiates boisterously in pugnacious daylight,

A belt studded profusely with delectable biscuits of opalescent silver; granting the visage a terrifically marvelous shape, keeping the entire demeanor in perfectly synchronized condition,

Sunglasses embodied with vivid fossil shells; engendering females to gasp in open mouthed consternation; metamorphosing the acerbic color of polluted air into enchanting green,

An oligarchic coat embellished with royally sculptured beads; standing out incredulously amongst the group the wild gypsies,

A fountain of redolent rose powder; lingering voluptuously on the robust cheeks; flooding the nose with a poignantly tangy freshness,

An overwhelmingly spiffy hairstyle; and each follicle of the scalp impregnated with rudimentary grass root oil,

Ornamental cufflinks to bond the sleeves; sometimes an alluring tool for visitors to sight their own reflection; admire themselves till timeless eternity,

A grandiloquent pen fitted dexterously to the waist coat pocket; a symbol of unprecedented sophistication; and signing a plethora of autographs on every lady's

hands,

Was all that I required to dress in from head to inconspicuous toe; encompass my body in the most fascinating clothing that I could ever dream off or intransigently perceive; infact what I would like to term succinctly as THE PERFECT MALE ATTIRE .

26. ALL THAT I COULD EVER DREAM OF

When I lived in the beer bottle; all that I could ever dream of was an ocean of inebriating alcohol; streams of frothy booze putting me to everlasting sleep,

When I lived in the conventional television; all that I could ever dream was a myriad of sleazy characters; uttering a festoon of ostentatious dialogues; trying their best to trigger the gloomy audience into hilarious smiles,

When I lived on the pugnacious fire body of the blazing Sun; all that I could ever dream of was unprecedented heat; sizzling rays of golden light stringently entrenching every iota of my skin,

When I lived in the refrigerator; all that I could ever dream of was frozen crusts of white ice; silver streams of chilled liquid cascading down painstakingly over my naked chest,

When I lived in the steep well; all that I could ever dream of was morbid darkness; the slime coated frog bouncing euphorically; flooding the solitary ambience around with its discordant croaks,

When I lived in the birds nest; all that I could ever dream of was a cocoon of shimmering white eggs; pairs of innocuous young fledglings squealing ecstatically

in new born life,

When I lived in the ocean; all that I could ever dream of was gargantuan loads of salt and frothy spray; scores of delectable fish gliding vivaciously gliding past my nose; spreading unfathomable waves of fantasy in my heart,

When I lived in the veins; all that I could ever dream of was crimson blood; gushing in sheer rhapsody through the conglomerate of tender bone and dainty flesh,

When I lived in the country gutter; all that I could ever dream of was fetid sewage; the horrendously obnoxious stench of decaying garbage infiltrating every instant in my nose,

When I lived in the deserts; all that I could ever dream of was unsurpassable territories of sweltering hot sands; the belligerent thorns of cactus staring in animosity at the travelers who traversed by,

When I lived in the handle of the gleaming butcher knife; all that I could ever dream of was the merciless assassination of several innocent sheep; shearing apart their succulent body in order to appease the demons gluttony,

When I lived in the fields of fathomless cotton; all that I could ever dream of was immaculate pieces of silken cloth; an infinite ensemble of gaudy cloth hung

tantalizingly in the showrooms,

When I lived in the voluptuous coagulation of ominous black clouds; all that I could ever dream of was tumultuous streaks of thunder lightening; ferocious droplets of sparkling rain pelting incessantly on the trajectory of this earth,

When I lived in the pristine oyster; all that I could ever dream of was the boundless assembly of glowing pearls; the exorbitant opulence and glamour encapsulating the neck of every princess,

When I lived in the scalp; all that I could ever dream of tons of animated hair drifting in the direction of the breeze; incomprehensible granules of disdainful dandruff feasting merrily on the skull,

When I lived in raw mud; all that I could ever dream of was clusters of grass sprouting out in rampant tandem; the hideous snakes and worms crawling

furtively into their respective burrows at night,

When I lived in the automobile tyre; all that I could ever dream of was several bellows of freshly trapped air; electric speeds enveloping me every second as the

car galloped into the jagged necklace of hills,

When I lived in the lap of my mother; all that I could ever dream of was my nostalgic childhood; the moments of inexorable mischief that I had executed while pulling her nose; incorrigibly refraining to study when she scolded me,

When I lived in the Omnipotent statue of the Almighty creator; all that I could ever dream of was the entire Universe; the magnificent beauty that he had evolved

to admire; the astounding prowess that he had endowed upon every human being to create an entity possessing his own blood,

And when I lived in the heart of my beloved; all that I could ever dream was pure love; drowning in the aisles of her ravishing romance; blending my impoverished soul in the stream of her passionate breath to exist blissfully in this life; as well as many more lives to come .

27. YOUR HEART WAS THE BEST

Your hair were as vivacious as the pelting drops of rain; cascading tantalizingly over your petite shoulders,

Your eyes were as voluptuous as freshly extracted red wine; drowning me in an ocean of unparalleled enchantment,

Your feet were as intricate as the daintily glistening stars; engendering me to worship them incessantly in meek obeisance,

Your hands were the sole source of my destiny; with their resplendent softness sending shivers down my spine as they gently caressed me,

Your lips were like mesmerizing fountains of golden honey; putting me into a celestial stupor with their fleet of enigmatic tunes,

Your skin was as silken as pure cow milk; metamorphosing into tinges of passionate scarlet as you strolled past my side,

Your fingers were as beautiful as the rudimentary tree roots; exotically igniting unburned fires in my persona as they weaved through my scalp,

Your teeth were a formidable fortress of magnificent ivory; prominently depicting the most fascinating of smiles that I had ever perceived in this world,

Your voice was sweeter than the most melodious of cuckoo; pacifying my conglomerate of profoundly agitated nerves better than the best of painkiller,

Your cheeks were as tangy as the ravishing cluster of crimson cherries; portraying your incredulously sweet aura even in the most horrendously appalling darkness,

Your neck was as flexible as the undulating waves of the ocean; turning instantaneously to even the most minuscule of my command,

Your sweat was as golden as the glittering slabs of gold; sparkling gorgeously under belligerent rays of the fiery Sun,

Your stomach was as sensuous as the bathing shark; fomenting me to wake up in utter bewilderment; even from the midst of impregnably deep sleep,

Your ears were as sharp as the mystically beaked owl; intricately deciphering even the most incoherent of my whispers,

Your armpits were like the entrance to divine heaven; enticing me incorrigibly to take shelter under their stupendously alluring grace,

Your tongue was like the fabulously redolent rose; flooding my dead veins with inexorable exhilaration as it slurped white pints of titillating champagne,

Your blood was like the flamboyant island of Sun; incinerating the inferno of love simmering in my veins to animatedly leap towards the sky,

Your countenance was like the Royal princess; immortally bonding me in the invincible arms of your unfathomable desire,

And your heart was the best in the entire cosmos; throbbing indefatigably without the slightest of rest; throbbing relentlessly even in the most gruesomely dismal of situation; more importantly than all; throbbing louder than ferocious thunder in the sky when it witnesses me; as it only and irrefutably mine .

28. SIMPLY NOT ENOUGH

When I held a fat slab of wax in blistering fire; it painstakingly melted as the passionate flames kissed its dainty periphery; eventually reducing to a pool of

solitary liquid,

When I held a trunk of seasoned wood in blazing waves of orange fire; the timber mercilessly charred into embers of raw ash; as the seconds unveiled by and the

heat augmented to tumultuous proportions,

When I held a mountain of blank paper in the menacing swirl of the pugnacious fire; all that was left of them was profoundly black soot; inconspicuous threads of fluff as the vicious plumes licked them from all sides,

When I held a field of silky cotton in the sweltering ball of fire; the magnificent cloth evaporated into a thick cloud of white smoke; blended with the open sky as the fire galloped at the fire galloped at fierce pace,

When I held a dungeon of gold biscuits and jewels in the belligerent hell of fire; all that remained after a few seconds; was a golden stream of orphaned pale yellow; that floated unceremoniously through the granules of soil,

When I held a cluster of ravishing fruits and succulent berries in the heart of the vindictively escalating fire; there was onerous difficulty to search even for the seeds; a few minutes after the hostile flames attacked from all sides,

When I held a conglomerate of coiled wires in the ominous conflagration of unrelenting fire; all that was left after a while was dilapidated fragments of shattered metal; overwhelmingly disrupted by the towering heat,

When I held a cabin of scintillating glass in the forest of inexorably savage fire; the same people who used to throng it incessantly to admire their tantalizing silhouettes; now ran miles away after sighting their horrendously distorted reflection,

When I held a fleet of swanky automobile in the center of the whirlwind speed fire; there was a deafeningly thunderous bang that occurred; and what once seemed to

be the princely cavalcade of cars now exploded and disappeared into plumes of black smoke,

When I held a festoon of scarlet roses in the repugnant blanket of brutal fire; all that remained after fractions seconds of time was inconspicuous globules of ash; and the scent which was once supremely redolent now resembled that emanating from

the morbid graveyard,

When I held an ocean of sweet milk in flamboyant wisps of fire; an obnoxiously burnt stench blended with the still atmosphere; and the solvent which once was

ubiquitously known all round the globe for its superlatively salubrious properties; the impregnable strength it imparted after consuming it; now appeared like threateningly dark paint dribbling down slowly from the walls,

When I held a sac of robust potatoes in the thick of fulminating fire; all that I got to eat after an hour was gruesomely charred stone; pathetic slices of dust that arose in bountiful amounts all around,

When I held the majestic tusks of elephant in the throes of the animatedly leaping fire; all that remained after a day was diminutive shells of utterly hopeless despair; being swept away with even the most tiniest draught of wind,

When I held the royal castle in the middle of the agonizingly volatile fire; the place replicated a barren farmland after a few days; and people trespassing around thought that something fresh needed to be constructed; that some crops needed to be

freshly sowed,

When I held the exorbitantly opulent bank in the agitated island of springing fire; the unfathomable notes of currency wailed in inevitable gloom; and what was once a colossal storehouse for satisfying the most infinitesimal of people's needs; now lay buried several feet beneath the dust,

When I held an insurmountably long rope of tangy toothpaste in the entrenchment of boiling fire; there initially wafted an incomprehensibly poignant aroma in the air; soon to be replaced by winds of rotten fish scent,

When I held a mammoth box of matchsticks in the body of venomously rising fire; there reverberated a noise that was greater than a thousand bombs; as the sticks

incinerated instantaneously into a cloudburst of unending flames;

irrevocably refraining to subside,

When I held a billion follicles of mesmerizing hair in the belly of acrimoniously stringent fire; the resultant fibers that came out were so profoundly scarred; that even the ghoulish faced witch refrained to adorn them,

But when I held me and my beloved in the core of the same treacherous fire; its flames no doubt pulverized our bodies to a pair of frugal bones; but were simply

not enough make even the slightest of dent on our immortal love; the perpetual harmony and bliss in which our souls existed for unsurpassable times together; even after our death .

29. LIVING DEAD

Blind me gruesomely for life; emptying the entire canister of piquant red chili powder into my innocuous eyes,

Cut each of my fingers mercilessly; with the hostile pair of cleavers gleaming menacingly beside the kitchen sink,

Ridicule me severely in public; ostracizing me for my plethora of misdeeds; stripping me naked in the heart of the city,

Break a bulky cluster of rotten eggs on my scalp; giving me dead scorpion stuffed between stale bread; to forcefully munch for breakfast,

Snap the brakes of my car deliberately before I left in the morning; so that the automobile plummeted horrendously into the steep valley; eventually exploding and charring me into a cloud of black plumes,

Hurl a battalion of abuses at me every night before I drifted into tranquil sleep; addressing me by ghastly names that I had never envisaged in the wildest of my

dreams,

Spit at me all the saliva loitering freely in your mouth; vomiting on my face all the foul food which you had consumed for lunch last afternoon,

Put a slab of pugnacious thorns beneath my head; instead of the fir coated and silken pillow,

Give me acid to drink instead of mineral water; uncouthly assassinating the intricate intestines encompassed within my stomach,

Completely empty my bank account; spending each penny of my hard earned money on bombastic clothes you cherished and adored,

Kick me in my rear like a stray dog wandering on the streets; ordering me to run to the most minuscule of your commands even after midnight,

Pummel me brutally in my stomach; banging your fists relentlessly into my chest; just a minute after I was released from the operation room,

Slash my writs with your heinous nails; ordering me to speak for you every time you opened your mouth,

Pour boiling tea directly on my tender lap; instead of letting it harmoniously cascade into the cup stringently clasped in my hands,

Sketch mortifying cartoons of my visage on the walls; displaying them proudly to every visitor who frequented our dwelling,

Keep inscrutably smiling at me when I was inundated with work; hiding my importantly indispensable files far away from sight,

Scream hysterically in my ears; fomenting them to rip apart in barbaric disarray; puncturing austerely through my sensitive membranes,

Corrupt the mind of my child against me with appalling tales; telling him that I was a cold blooded criminal; when infact I was an ordinary sage,

Try and strangulate my neck umpteenth number of times in a day; endeavoring your best to extricate the last iota of breath trapped in my lungs,

Whip me for indefatigable number of hours with your broomstick; commanding me to walk upside down with my hands clinging to my ears,

But please O! beloved, don't ever leave me and go; for this painful ordeal that I underwent every day was far less than the living dead I would become; if

you suddenly left me .

30. YOU WERE REALLY VERY BEAUTIFUL

Everyday I admired your enchanting lips a 1000 times; wholesomely drowning myself into the voluptuous sheen of their luscious excitement,

Everyday I admired your silken hair a 1000 times; profoundly lost in their ravishing swirl as they mystically swished,

Everyday I admired your dainty fingers a 1000 times; envisaging them to be the sweetest honey ever existing or found on the trajectory of this earth,

Everyday I admired your rosy tongue a 1000 times; perceiving its supremely tantalizing taste; the tons of tangy saliva it encapsulated in its delectable chamber,

Everyday I admired your emphatic eyes a 1000 times; witnessing my reflection as pellucid as scintillating diamonds in their compassionate moistness,

Everyday I admired your seductive voice a 1000 times; thoroughly astounded by the unsurpassable eloquence in your words; the stupendous cadence in your sound,

Everyday I admired your immaculate ears a 1000 times; possessing an insatiable urge to whisper into them gently as time unveiled,

Everyday I admired your captivating belly a 1000 times; exploring its titillating contours voraciously with my slender hands,

Everyday I admired your incomprehensibly alluring eyelashes a 1000 times; kissing them nimbly with my lips; their incessant fluttering engendering me to go right back into my nostalgic childhood,

Everyday I admired your petite toes a 1000 times; incredulously relishing the tinkling sound of your silver chains; the moon white disposition of your majestic nails,

Everyday I admired your celestially sculptured shadow a 1000 times; bathing my impoverished persona in the enamoring intrigue it generated as soon as I transgressed it by,

Everyday I admired your superlatively piquant nose a 1000 times; adored it for indefatigable number of hours; blending myself wholesomely with the moist breath that fervently flowed across my cheek,

Everyday I admired your compassionately tiny fists a 1000 times; trying to decipher my destiny in the lines impregnated firmly within,

Everyday I admired your inevitably magnificent skin a 1000 times; sighting your flesh metamorphose from stark white to profusely crimson; on boundless number of occasions in a single day,

Everyday I admired your ingratiatingly imprisoning stare a 1000 times; locking my eyes for eternity into the ocean of invincible agony that you harbored,

Everyday I admired your majestically royal yawn a 1000 times; besieging my cowardly demeanor with waves of unparalleled excitement; as infinite shivers passed down my spine,

Everyday I admired your irrefutably golden sweat a 1000 times; relishing its poignant odor to the pinnacle of my hearts content,

Everyday I admired your flirtatiously dimpled chin a 1000 times; enticing me like a shooting star from the galaxy; to uncontrollably plummet down from the sky,

Everyday I admired your natural perfume a 1000 times; basking in its glorious aroma till I transited into a heavenly stupor; waking up only to find it tickling me all over again,

Everyday I admired your heartbeat a 1000 times; unprecedentedly enthralled at the turbulent flames they evoked in my chest,

And I have no inhibitions whatsoever in saying that as I got up the next day; I still admired your beautiful countenance a 1001st time; as you were the only girl of my dreams; you were really very beautiful .

31. PASSIONATE

The dog was passionate after the bone; could run any degree of distance to capsize it in his greedy mouth,

The fish was passionate after salty water; was ready to fight the preposterously mighty shark in order to swim in an ambience of coral and glistening coral weeds,

The squirrel was passionate after the succulently delicious nut; nibbling it with great fervor after she had firmly entangled it between her famished jaws,

The vulture was passionate after satanic chunks of dead meat; soared unrelentingly in circles over the morbid graveyard; all throughout the day and each minute of the starlit night,

The ant was passionate after orphaned bits of fermented bread; crawling on the same with a whole army of its friends; tearing apart its body with untamed gusto,

The desert sands were passionate after sparkling water; made the ominous conglomerate of black clouds their best friends; wailed in unison to shower upon their disastrously parched surface; with torrential sheets of rain,

The pen was passionate after pools of sapphire blue fountain ink; harbored a perennial desire to embed barren paper with boundless lines of free verse,

The bird was passionate after its cluster of innocuous eggs; inexorably stayed awake the entire night guarding them against the tiniest of evil; imparting them the compassionate warmth to hatch into mesmerizing fledglings,

The watch was passionate after its pairs of needles; which incessantly ticked all day and night; producing a daintily gurgling sound as each second unleashed by,

The chimpanzee was passionate after the raw sheaf of green bananas; peeling a second one of its salubrious pulpy skin; even before he had properly gobbled down the first one down,

The cat was passionate after its bowl of frosty milk; surreptitiously waited in the dark ceiling; for its chance to guzzle down the liquid at insane speeds,

The mongoose was passionate after the venomous snake; tremendously relishing even the slightest of opportunity to imprison one in its jaws; rip apart the diabolical hood and the river of venom; to have a feast under the tenacious moon,

The veins were passionate after scarlet streams of blood; wanted them at any cost to circulate rampantly through their body; render them with robust health and

overwhelming gratification,

The tongue was passionate after voice; had this insatiable urge to speak every minute; bask in the pompous glory of the flurry of sounds it generated,

The sky was passionate after its iridescent blanket of stars; wanted every divinely night of its to be studded with infinite shimmering jewels of their kind,

The witch was passionate after new born children; slurped its mouth in unfathomable ecstasy when she saw a healthy baby being born on this globe,

The drunkard was passionate after opulent bottles of cherry wine; banging his feet; uncouthly tearing his head apart in frustration when he was denied access to his

favorite elixir,

The mosquito was passionate after ripe flesh; indefatigably tyrannizing blissfully sleeping angels with its obnoxiously repelling sting,

The cow was passionate after leafy mountains of green grass; painstakingly munching it all throughout the day to wholesomely appease its sacrosanct senses,

The mother was passionate after her child; starving her stomach to unprecedented limits; in order to feed her impeccable infant,

The Creator was passionate after this entire Universe; articulately synchronizing and governing the movement of each tangible and intangible being; ensuring that

the essence of life remained for immortal times,

And I was passionate after my beloved; wildly captivated in the bonds of her flamboyantly fiery love; blending with her moist breath since countless births gone; and countless more births to unveil .

32. JUST ONE STARE OF HERS

Just one smile of hers; was enough to make me forget my ocean of unprecedented sorrow,

Just one tear of hers; was enough to make me melt in meek submission on the cold ground,

Just one word of hers; was enough to make me perceive the entire Universe; drown into an ocean of boundless enchantment,

Just one dimple of hers; was enough to make me profoundly admire beauty; uninhibitedly engulf myself into a fabulous paradise,

Just one shadow of hers; was enough to make me solve all enigmas of life; immensely simplify my incredulously complicated existence,

Just one finger of hers; was enough to make me become oblivious to my entire body; become completely immune to the most bizarre of pain,

Just one hair of hers; was enough to make me imagine the most spell binding images incarcerated in this world; the ravishing softness and poignant melody lingering in the atmosphere,

Just one lip of hers; was enough to make me swirl in tumultuously passionate desire; make me perpetually long for sweet nectar entrapped in the golden beehives,

Just one shout of hers; was enough to make me forget all my fears; stand like an invincible fortress in the way of whatever was trying to invidiously harm her,

Just one leg of hers; was enough to make me astoundingly gasp; ignite dormant infernos sleeping lazily in my soul,

Just one whistle of hers; was enough to make me ecstatically dance; gyrate my body uncontrollably under the pearly midnight moon,

Just one tongue of hers; was enough to make me gruesomely famished; long for all the tantalizing food that sizzled on this planet,

Just one fist of hers; was enough to make me envisage about all the muscle that wandered on this globe; generated impregnable power in my supremely dreary

bones,

Just one eye of hers; was enough to make me indulge in astronomically flirtatious mischief; tease the grass stalks and whatever else came my way; as I languidly

trespassed on chocolate brown soil,

Just one look of hers; was enough to make me to forget my reflection; profusely blend myself with the titillating mascara adorning her lashes,

Just one scent of hers; was enough to make me to condemn all other perfume; inhale her enamoring persona for fathomless decades to unleash,

Just one breath of hers; was enough to make me swoon on the ground; transform into a celestial reverie for times immemorial,

Just one heart beat of hers; was enough to make me overwhelmingly love; gather all the strength and tenacity required to fight for existence,

And just one stare of hers; was enough to make me relinquish palpable life; pack my bag for the royal heavens and die .

33. THE CAVITY WAS PURELY MINE

Each building had boundless floors; but for me the best floor was the floor on which she resided; danced in tireless exuberance and untamed passion every unfurling hour,

Each city had boundless roads; but for me the best road was the one on which she trespassed; purifying the soil on which she tread with her sacrosanct footsteps,

Each garden had boundless roses; but for me the best rose was the one she caressed; left her exotic perfume lingering mystically upon its enchanting persona,

Each tree had boundless branches; but for me the best branch was the one on which she sat; imparting it her compassionate warmth and stupendously charismatic grace,

Each dictionary had boundless words; but for me the best word was the one she uttered; explicitly pronounced it with majestic authority,

Each cloud in the cosmos showered boundless droplets of rain; but for me the best droplet was the one that drenched her completely; made her look even more

voluptuous in the creamy shine of the moonlit night,

Each kite had boundless strings; but for me the best string was the one which she adroitly pulled; fomenting the canvas to escalate with handsome supremacy in the boisterous packet of fervent air,

Each day had boundless minutes; but for me the best minute was the one in which she smiled; profoundly illuminated the abysmally dreary atmosphere with the

rhapsody circulating in her countenance,

Each light had boundless rays; but for me the best ray was the one which fell on her gorgeously hazel eyes; providing my miserably defeated body with the inevitable rejuvenation and tenacity it badly wanted,

Each mountain had boundless slopes; but for me the best slope was the one on which she ebulliently wandered; metamorphosing its barren demeanor into one

with fecund and bountiful fertility,

Each bank had boundless notes; but for me the best note was the one which she hoisted; granting it the magical prowess of proliferating at electric speeds on

its very own,

Each river had boundless streams; but for me the best stream was the one in which she bathed; sending uncontrollable shivers down my spine when I sighted

her tantalizingly ravishing hair,

Each cactus had boundless thorns; but for me the best thorn was the one she inadvertently pricked; as I got an infinitesimally minuscule chance; the supreme

privilege of bonding with her droplet of poignantly crimson blood,

Each train had boundless windows; but for me the best window was the one in which she sighted her royal reflection; gave a new definition to beauty as she uninhibitedly admired the fabulously fleeting scenery,

Each hand had boundless lines; but for me the best line was the one she traced; deciphered its deeply enigmatic meaning; the bearing it would have on future

life,

Each rainbow had boundless shades; but for me the best shade was the one which she adored; bounced with unprecedented jubilation as it pilfered in through her

pellucid bedroom glass,

Each school had boundless children; but for me the best child was the one she lifted in her egalitarian arms; deluging its innocuous ears with tales of mystical mankind,

Each skin had boundless hair; but for me the best hair was the one she ardently stroked; triggering a catharsis of fiery emotions to naturally emit out,

Each showroom had boundless clothes; but foe me the best fabric was the one she wore on her superlatively impeccable body; the one which diffused her mesmerizing fragrance for centuries unsurpassable,

And each heart had boundless cavities; but for me the best cavity was the one which immortally incarcerated her love; and as a matter of fact I was irrefutably proud to state that in this case; the cavity belonged only to me; the cavity was purely mine .

34. I KNEW HER BETTER THAN I KNEW MY BREATH

I knew her better than I knew the lines of my palm; which I sighted unrelentingly each minute of the day,

I knew her better than I knew my ability to voraciously talk; explicitly uttering more than a million sentences a day,

I knew her better than I knew the complexion of my skin; the rubicund tinge and the robust glow that I had overwhelmingly enjoyed since many years,

I knew her better than I knew my shadow; the inscrutably enchanting form that had been following me since eternity; in brilliant shades of sunlight,

I knew her better than I knew the food trapped in my dainty stomach; the appetizing blend of roasted vegetables and fruit juice that I had consumed just a few minutes ago,

I knew her better than I knew my conglomerate of fortified bones; incorporating loads of impregnable strength,

I knew her better than I knew my eyes; the unfathomable hours they could remain awake; sight and prudently discern astounding beauty wandering in this vast Universe,

I knew her better than I knew my crimson blood; the voluptuous stream that painstakingly gushed out; when I scraped against an acrimonious thorn,

I knew her better than I knew my legs; the robust pinches of exhilaration encapsulated inside; the fervent longing besieging them to shrug all inhibitions and thunderously run,

I knew her better than I knew my silver sweat; the rhapsodic perspiration that ran down my arms; everytime I conquered new summits in life,

I knew her better than I knew my mystical whisper; the hushed tones in which I furtively communicated with my sacrosanct Creator every morning as I woke

up from sedate sleep,

I knew her better than I knew my deafening yawn; the laziness that rampantly permeated my persona; after toiling the entire day under sweltering rays of the

pugnacious Sun,

I knew her better than I knew my ambitions; the insatiable urge in my demeanor to blatantly trespass over acrid milestones,

I knew her better than I knew my luscious lips; the tantalizing charm that camouflaged them; made them the darling of whomsoever who caressed their lingering softness,

I knew her better than I knew my fortress of scintillating teeth; the inevitable tenacity they possessed to scrupulously crunch the meal of their choice,

I knew her better than I knew my ability to relentlessly write; emboss spell binding verses of blossoming poetry every early morning and late night,

I knew her better than I knew the noise produced when I clapped; harmoniously united both hands of mine to inundate the still ambience with triumphant sound,

I knew her better than I knew my heart beat; the infinite number of times in a day it turbulently palpitated; the volatile energy it imparted to my dreary soul to inch forward and holistically survive,

And I knew her better than I knew my breath; the very minuscule draught of air which I had inhaled unsurpassable number of times since the time I was born; infact the very reason that I was merrily writing and living today .

35. GAME OF LOVE

I played a game of soccer; kicking the rotund football with rampant frenzy; when I felt the muscles in my feet were pertinently aching,

I played a game of cricket; swishing the cherry shaped ball boundless feet out of the oval ground; when I felt that the disdainful cluster of knots building up in my hands were raring to be wholesomely released,

I played a game of basketball; levitating my feet countless inches from the ground to find the sweet spot of the crisscrossed net; when I felt an insatiable urge in my persona to be as tall as the lanky building,

I played a game of cards; manipulatively dealing the resplendent paper across the furry table; when I felt that the currency in my pocket was rapidly diminishing; and I didn't want to slog it under the sweltering heat of the midday Sun,

I played a game of long tennis; articulately maneuvering my gaudy racket all round the court; when I felt that an unrelenting urge to defeat my horrendous adversary,

I played a game of wind sailing; dexterously steering my long clothed boat against a battalion of turbulently tangy ocean waves; when I felt the exhilaration evaporating at swashbuckling speeds from my veins; an incorrigible spell of dull sleep besieging my slender framework of bones,

I played a game of chess; ingeniously moving my pieces on the enigmatically checkered board; when I felt that the dead cells in my mind; the dolorous stagnancy in my demeanor needed that captivating rejuvenation,

I played a game of hide and seek; flirtatiously camouflaging myself behind the bushes away from the sight of my girl; when I felt mystical pangs of naughty mischief mildly caress my soul,

I played a game of table tennis; bashing the hollow plastic with fervent intensity virtually into my opponents face; when I felt that my ears were dying to hear that ping pong sound which so delectably made them oblivious to this mundane world,

I played a game of swimming; passionately waving my arms to emulate a silver dolphin in the pool; when I felt that the skin enveloping my body was dying a

premature death; the hair on my back had slept long ago,

I played a game of long jump; escalating my whole body to stupendous heights over the flimsy bar; when I felt a tingling sensation in my mind to conquer the acrimonious flurry of hurdles,

I played a game of hockey; careening the round marble with my stick right into the heart of the goal; when I felt that the food in my stomach was rotting to hell; needed some indispensable activity to be harmoniously digested,

I played a game of ice skating; gliding as smoothly as a white eagle across the frozen coat of scintillating snow; when I felt that an celestial urge to cover marathon miles without a single walk or run,

I played a game of sword fighting; audaciously clanging pugnacious metal with metal under the pearly rays of the full moonlight; when I felt that my senses wanted to duplicate the royal king; adopt his supremely oligarchic techniques to savor the flavor of majestic life,

I played a game of crossword puzzle; meticulously synchronizing and arranging a fleet of alphabets in chronological rows in order to make prudent sense; when I felt that I needed to inevitably brush up my fading vocabulary; before it entirely disappeared with the passing clouds,

I played a game of staring; looking inexorably into my partners eyes till God himself descended on this earth ordered them to close; when I felt that the tenacity in vision was getting hazier by the unfurling minute; the lazy obscurity could almost make me blind,

I played a game of billiards; stroking the white beacon handsomely with my rosewood stick; when I felt wanted to uninhibitedly feast my eyes on the island of

fur coated green; make the table compassionately resonate under the weight of

my magnificent ivory rod,

I played a game of whistling; melodiously deluging the perpetually still ambience with a compendium of ravishing tunes; when I intransigently felt that my lips do the talking instead of my fat tongue,

I played a game of screaming; shouting explosively over the contemporary mike; when I felt that my nimble voice took decades to be heard; and people turned an

abysmally deaf ear; everytime I spoke,

I played a game of snakes and ladders; wistfully tossing the dice to climb the perilous mountain; when I felt that I had become overwhelmingly mature; needed

to revive my nostalgic memories; go right back into innocuous childhood,

And I played a game of love; ardently embracing my beloved; drowning myself in mind; body; spirit and soul into the cloud of her enchanting romance; to live

life blissfully; allow several others of my kind to do the same in the infinite moments yet to unveil; the years still to come .

36. IN ORDER TO SIGN THE BOND OF LOVE

In order to sign the bombastic chequebook; I used an ink resembling pure sapphire pearls,

In order to sign the hotel guestbook; I used an ink suckled from freshly tantalizing Mountain mud,

In order to sign the dreaded terrorist's death sentence; I used an ink extracted

from venomous reptile skins,

In order to sign the blissful peace treaty between neighboring continents; I used an ink extracted from poignantly delectable raspberry,

In order to sign my best friends palm; I used an ink withdrawn from astoundingly tangy lemon,

In order to sign on the innocuous student's annual examination paper; I used an ink extracted from the austerely scarlet rose,

In order to sign in the official company register; I used an ink of nimble light blue,

In order to sign on the ragged village wall; I used an ink suckled from indigenous cowdung,

In order to sign on the baby's cheeks; I used an ink of wholesomely impeccable and sacrosanct cow milk,

In order to sign on the dead man's will; I used an ink extracted from the perpetually silent and ghoulish owl,

In order to sign on the ingeniously written scientist's thesis; I used an ink of contemporary silver and slippery mercury,

In order to sign on the celestially embossed marriage invitation; I used an ink extricated from the fabulously gorgeous pink lotus,

In order to sign on my salary increment application; I used an ink of

intractably adhering black paint,

In order to sign on the overwhelmingly confidential presidential document; I used an ink of glittering emerald green; evacuated from the fossils loitering in tandem on the century old ocean bed,

In order to sign the artist's majestic painting; I used an ink extracted from royally curled oligarchic peacock quills,

In order to sign the horrendously corrupt politician's ordeal; I used an ink of exorbitantly cheap and stinking gutter water,

In order to sign the aristocratically woven recommendation letter; I used an ink imprisoned in the heart of the marvelously radiating oyster,

In order to sign the gardeners pending bills; I used an ink extracted from ravishingly fresh green grass,

In order to sign the feeble patient's crisp hospital vouchers; I used an ink of the most stringent antiseptic,

In order to sign the film star's swanky autobiography; I used an ink resembling glamorous diamonds sparkling tenaciously in the garish showroom,

In order to sign the birth certificate of the immaculate tied orphan for securing admission in playtime nursery; I used an ink extracted from the vividly vivacious cluster of red cherry,

In order to sign the magicians insurmountably enigmatic visiting card; I used an ink extracted from mystical blueberry herb,

And in order to sign the bond of love; the pact of immortal romance between me and my beloved; I used an ink of my very own and profusely passionate crimson blood .

37. THE WAVE OF LOVE

It was a wave that besieged me with the agony of supremely passionate desire; augmenting violently as every second unfurled,

It was a wave that embedded in me unprecedented exhilaration; fomented me to dance ecstatically under tenacious beams of silvery moonlight,

It was a wave that uncannily struck my senses; induced in me an insatiable yearning to stare into open space,

It was a wave that engendered me to sweat incessantly; dream bombastically all throughout the lengthy night,

It was a wave that made me run barechested on the crowded street; shrugging all my sanctimonious inhibitions into thin air,

It was a wave that made me completely oblivious to the unveiling of time; made me relinquish all prospects of spurious growth in the profoundly professional and

mundane world,

It was a wave that made me bask in the glory of the stupendously cool atmosphere; the air which I previously considered to be disastrously sultry and hot,

It was a wave that enveloped my impoverished persona like an overwhelmingly turbulent cyclone; gobbling me unsparingly in its impregnable swirl,

It was a wave that took away all my hunger; and yet rendered me craving for more and more morsels of food,

It was a wave that triggered me to bathe in passionate perspiration; even in the midst of the austerely cascading snow,

It was a wave that made me abdicate all my prudence and discerning ability; propelling me to walk enthusiastically even on the diabolically toothed shark,

It was a wave that made me wholesomely immune to the most deadliest of snakes crawling in vicinity; fervently awaiting an opportunity to strike me with

their dangerously venomous fangs,

It was a wave which stole all my sagacious memory; made me entirely forget my delectable surrounding; my very own complete name,

It was a wave which pierced me like an electric bullet; jolted me from the thick of blissful sleep; well past after wee hours of the lonely midnight,

It was a wave which caused me to make several trips to the mental asylum; as I was utterly unable to speak any other word except one,

It was a wave which drowned me totally into an ocean of seductive fantasy; one which simply didn't seem to have a definite end,

It was a wave which blended with my blood faster than any liquid or food could coagulate; imparting me witha Herculean stamina that no force on this earth could

ever dream to curb,

It was a wave which viciously increased the pace of my heart; made it audible to even the birds perched right on the summit of the colossal treetops,

It was a wave which voluptuously tantalized me till my last breath; evoked infinite gooze-bumps to creep up my body as each day stumbled into fiery night,

It was a wave which mesmerized me so deeply; that I literally forgot that I had an entity of my own; that there was a melodiously enthralling voice blatantly subdued in the chamber of my moistened throat,

It was a wave which had no caste; religion; color or ostentatious creed; swept me off the ground like a frigidly timid broomstick,

It was a wave which had no dimension or length; instilled in my blood a robust cheer that amplified leaps and bounds by the unfolding minute,

It was a wave which perpetually swelled; kept on igniting the inferno of uncontrollable desire; for countless centuries to unveil in the center of my heart,

It was a wave which had made me deplorably blind; as I tripped embarrassingly on every step that I took; even before I could hoist my tender feet,

It was a wave which had no head; no tail; no significant entity; yet had the unfathomable prowess of luring me with its charm; the instant it nimbly

caressed me,

It was a wave which enticed me from the pinnacle of solitary boredom; set my life to a heavenly blissful and happy pace,

It was a wave which imparted my eyes with a divinely glow; that levitated to unimaginable heights as the clock sped by,

It was a wave which made time tick past at astounding speeds; and the stages of gloomy remorse which once stabbed me like a million needles; not got replaced by

a wistful longing for more moments in every day,

It was a wave which never crashed against the chain of satanic rocks; immortally kept titillating me with its poignant ebullience,

It was a wave which made me pathetically flounder at every little aspect of life; yet emerge out victorious as the supremely unconquerable winner,

It was a wave which taught me to embrace a person; trespassing intrepidly across pompous barricades of the orthodox society,

It was a wave which initiated me to believe in things that I had nonchalantly dismissed before; more importantly made me believe in the Omnipotent aura of

God,

It was a wave which had the indefatigable power to defeat the entire Universe single handed; reign supreme over all the wealth and power for times immemorial,

It was a wave which made me stagger on just one thought for eternity; exasperated all those around me; wherever I went,

It was a wave which was more fragrant than the most incredulous of scent; ardently tickled the inner most rudiments of my reckless conscience,

It was a wave which impregnated my demeanor with spell bounding magic; metamorphosing everything I felt and softly brushed into glittering gold,

It was a wave which gave me the freedom to speak what I wanted; perceive the most unconventional conditions engulfing monotonous life,

It was a wave which made me realize that I had a definite purpose to fulfill; induced in me an unsurpassable desire to lead life,

And the most special thing about it was; that it was a wave which inevitably cast its ingratiating charm on every youth of my kind; incarcerating trembling bodies

in the current of its fathomless volatile energy; for it was none other than THE WAVE OF LOVE .

38. I WANTED TO IMMORTALLY RESIDE

I didn't want a place in your ostentatiously embellished fabric; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your violently throbbing heart instead,

I didn't want a place in your voluptuously lingering mascara; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your mesmerizing eye instead,

I didn't want a place in the pompous vermilion coated on your forehead; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your ingenious brain instead,

I didn't want a place in your sleazily glittering nail polish; I infact wanted to immortally reside in the center of your palm instead,

I didn't want a place in the delectably fluffs of shampoo overflowing seductively from your scalp; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your tantalizingly black

and ravishing hair instead,

I didn't want a place in the resplendent chain encapsulating your belly; I infact wanted to immortally reside in the cushioned interiors of your robust stomach instead,

I didn't want a place in the golden glasses of wine which were kept on your mantelpiece; I infact wanted to immortally reside in the stupendously fragrant

sweat which oozed down your arms instead,

I didn't want a place in your alluringly deceptive lipstick; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your lusciously pink lips instead,

I didn't want a place in your slender network of boundlessly huge veins; I infact wanted to reside in the crimson streams of your blood instead,

I didn't want a place in the smoke that engulfed you at all times of the day; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your ardently passionate breath instead,

I didn't want a place in your exorbitantly costly designer shoe; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your celestial feet instead,

I didn't want a place in your opalescent pair of vanity earrings; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your daintily dangling ears instead,

I didn't want a place in the armory of diamonds which incessantly glowed on your petite fingers; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your tightly clasped and fervent fists instead,

I didn't want a place in the voice that floated from your persona for a few seconds and then disappeared into obsolete oblivion; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your incredulously rosy tongue instead,

I didn't want a place in the shimmering chain of silver enveloping your elongated neck; I infact wanted to immortally reside in the profoundly mystically valley of your throat instead,

I didn't want a place in the grandiloquently jewel studded watch camouflaging your wrists; I infact wanted to immortally reside in the pulse that indefatigably palpitated beneath your sparkling skin instead,

I didn't want a place in the astoundingly appetizing granules of food you consumed several times in a single day; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your immaculately scintillating teeth instead,

I didn't want a place in the spuriously spongy car seat in which you sat; I infact wanted to immortally reside in the most volatile of your fantasy; the most

fabulously titillating of your dreams instead,

And I didn't want a place in every person whom you encountered on the streets in your struggle for existence each day and night; I infact wanted to immortally reside in your euphorically palpable life instead .

39. THE NIGHT WAS STILL ALIVE

The butter was still fresh; with adorable crusts of cream oozing poignantly from its molten persona,

The rose was still blossoming; with its ravishing redolence reinvigorating everything around in dull atmosphere,

The stream was still gushing at electric speeds; with its gurgling waters diffusing into spell binding froth after clashing against the chain of ecstatic rocks,

The peacock was still dancing; with its feathers spread wildly wide to a completely full and exotically animated plumage,

The grass blades were still awake; with glistening dew drops now enigmatically caressing their intricate visage,

The stars still twinkled in the sky; with the magnificent white beams of light casting a majestic spell on the body of pathetically scorched earth,

The leaves still vibrantly rustled with the wind; inscrutably whispering their nostalgic tales of day; their stupendously enamoring anecdotes of the past,

The lion still roared euphorically; puncturing the sedate ambience with an uncanny thrill that was never experienced before,

The nightingale still sang its melodious rhymes; captivating every tangible and intangible entity with the fascinating melody in its sound,

The clouds still collided in the sky; pelting droplets of rejuvenating rain in tumultuous fury,

The ducks still floated in the serene pond; fomenting blissful ripples to spread infectiously around; profoundly enlightening the night with their flurry of

boisterous quacks,

The chameleon still fluttered its ominous tail; tantalizingly changing color; splendidly blending with the surrounding it went,

The mammoth stacks of green chili were still flaming; violently embodying the area around with a distinctly piquant odor; a scent that could bring life into the

dead,

The Moon still shone a tenacious white; with its creamy rays filtering a path through the stringently dolorous darkness,

The chill still lingered pertinently; perpetuating infinite goose-bumps to inevitably creep up the body,

The horde of impeccable rabbits still frolicked in their burrows; playing hide and seek with the drifting clouds and shine,

The preposterously fat python still slithered through the marshes; furtively awaiting to gobble its prey; in the clandestine darkness concealing his belly,

The spider still spun its web; running at astounding speeds from one end to the other; producing marvelously shimmering silk with its slime,

C'mon let's enjoy ourselves to the fullest O! beloved; bask in the aisles of uninhibited desire and romance; for the night was still young; the darkness had set blazing fire to our senses; the night was still alive .

40. YOU WERE IN MY EVERY HEARTBEAT

You were in every step that I took; caressing the earth softly with my indigenously sculptured feet,

You were in every smile that I executed; spreading a wave of unprecedented cheer in an atmosphere laden heavily with inexplicable gloom,

You were in every promise that I made; impregnating impoverished demeanor's with heaps of fortification and rejuvenating assurance,

You were in every challenge that I undertook; unequivocally proving my flamboyantly Herculean mettle in this world,

You were in every kiss that I blew; deluging the drearily starved ambience with an ocean of passionate fantasy and fiery romance,

You were in every image that I witnessed; marvelously embellishing and adorning even the most hideously insipid of sights wandering on this planet,

You were in every yawn that I produced lazily at ethereal dawn; fomenting me to start the heavenly day with unparalleled exuberance in my body,

You were in every word that I embodied with my own blood; making it more valuable than any amount of wealth ever found on this globe,

You were in every tear that I shed; blissfully purifying the area you fell with the irrefutably philanthropic essence lingering in your soul,

You were in every line that I sung; driving the last ounce of despair from my miserably shriveled and exhausted life,

You were in every mischief that I played; transiting me back to my days of innocuous childhood; the unfathomable naughtiness circumventing my persona even today,

You were in every punch that I imparted with my palms; augmenting my strength to astounding limits when I faced the ominously vicious and bad,

You were in every tale that I had to recite; intransigently captivating the most ruthless of personality in the fervent intensity of our immortal love,

You were in every droplet of my blood that flowed through my veins; giving it the status of being more cherished than the most boundless of ocean; more revered than the most holiest of liquid trickling in this Universe,

You were in every dream that I envisaged; making me the richest man on soil; sitting merely on my dingy hut's doorstep,

You were in every scripture that I imbibed in life; metamorphosing me from a simple illiterate; to the most knowledgeable entity ever born,

You were in every morsel of food that I ate in my quota of limited years; placating my uncontrollable hunger; with the mesmerizing grace of your tantalizing charm,

You were in every breath that I inhaled; deluging and wholesomely encapsulating my lungs with the ardor to live,

And you were in every beat that my heart took almost infinite times in a single day; triggering me with the insurmountable tenacity to fight life; find a place of my own to live amongst the pack of wolves that surrounded me every instant; the acrimonious bed of thorns surreptitiously waiting to gobble me; the moment I tread .

41. I STILL FAILED

To get out of the towering building; I used the golden escalators; slipping down like a harmoniously dying fountain,

To get out of the dingily dark well; I used a thick rope as a tenacious pulley to hoist me from the imprisoned ambience into tangy free air,

To get out of the flying aircraft; I used a buoyant parachute to blissfully cascade down on the verdant and perpetually green lawns,

To get out of diabolical prison; I used an ingeniously intricate key to open the impregnably looming and savagely gleaming doors,

To get out of the treacherous cave; I used the slim ceiling outlet timidly visible like frugal specks of dirt; from the place where I hopelessly crawled,

To get out of the miserably stranded shores; I used a boat of overwhelmingly strong wood; and a swift pair of maneuverable oars,

To get out of the blazing flames of blistering fire; I used umpteenth pails of water to douse them in rapid succession,

To get out of the labyrinth of enigmatic tunnels and halls; I used the profoundly distinct chalk markings embossed on the walls; the shimmering magnetic compass

which I held securely in my palms,

To get out of the commercially busy and boisterous market; I used an ergonomically molded squashed bicycle to escort me into free space at astounding speeds,

To get out of the spell binding ocean of sedative fantasy; I used a pail of abysmally freezing water to splash on my wholesomely lost and dreamy face,

To get out of the baffling web of incredulous complications; I used the idol of my Sacrosanct Creator as the last and final respite,

To get out of the obnoxiously hurting pair of claustrophobic shoes; I dexterously decoded the onerous armory of black lace lingering from its body,

To get out of the perennial state of gloom hovering incorrigibly around my body; I used pulsating music to inundate my forlorn life with unprecedented ebullience

and cheer,

To get out of the repetitive chain of thoughts which incessantly kept stabbing my mind like a million volcano's; I blurted a simple word called "No"; banging

it vociferously into the atmosphere,

To get out of the intractably dark stains of dirt adhering to my flawless skin; I used a stringent carbolic to evaporate them into the land of worthless nothingness,

To get out of the bottom of the deep ocean; save myself from the tyranny of ruthless drowning; I used my hands and legs prolifically to adroitly manipulate my way;

smile merrily and swim,

To get out of the bountifully blossoming scent of passionate rose; I used my nostrils to optimum effect; closing them intransigently with my fingers; to block my nose to the most inconspicuous of fragrance,

To get out of this planet forever; I used a gleaming knife to slit my throat; eternally end the chapter of my baseless existence,

But no matter how hard I tried; implemented infinite steps of veritable barbarism including the ones mentioned above; I still failed to get her out of my mind; and for each time I tried to forget her; her image became a million times more embedded in the very center of my mind; the very center of my life .

42. HAD LEFT ME FOREVER

The fires outside might be blazing ferociously towards the sky; charring even the most inconspicuous particle around in its tumultuously scorching swirl,

But the fire inside my blood was simply unbearable; made me inevitably collapse towards the hard ground every minute.

The temperature engulfing the atmosphere might be freezing below abysmally low limits; with ominous avalanches of snow hurtling like an augmenting balloon

down the treacherous mountain slopes,

But the enveloping my bones was simply unbearable; numbing me disastrously in every single aspect of blissful life.

The thorns laden on the jungle soil might be staring acridly towards the dark blue sky; furtively awaiting innocuous feet to inadvertently trample over them; bleed and hurt,

But the thorns in my chest were simply unbearable; viciously trying to strangulate me into ghastly emptiness every second.

The voices lingering in the island of hell might be too appalling to describe; permeated the boundless expanse of cosmos with the wail of gruesomely wicked

and salacious beasts,

But the voices circulating in my mind were simply unbearable; fomented me to disdainfully stutter a billion times; on every thought I perceived; on every sentence I spoke.

The images radiating out of the morbidly shattered mirror might be horrendous depictions of the diabolical devil; ready to pounce upon and uncouthly rip through innocent mankind,

But the images that barbarically encompassed my brain were simply unbearable; drowned me into an ocean of blood; a sea of inexplicable misery; which I found

virtually impossible to swim in and save my life.

The darkness savagely embracing the day might be an unavoidable form of Gods creation; besieging the mesmerizing sights on this planet in its satanic shades of monstrous black,

But the darkness which entrenched my eyes was simply unbearable; made me lead my days worse than the most severely blind; even though I had the most incredulously brilliant and perfect sight.

The smell emanating from the perpetually dead body might be profoundly stinking; causing one to vomit out all what he had consumed in the tenure of his life,

But the smell encapsulating my rubicund skin was simply unbearable; suffocating me this very instant; when infact doctors had proclaimed me to be in perfect health; and for apparently no sin of mine .

The businessman might have suffered gargantuan losses as the economy abruptly crashed down; sadly parting with his fathomless treasury of wealth; all what he

had earned in life; within flash instants of time,

But the losses that I incurred were simply unbearable; having all the wealth of the world stored in my castle's overflowing with biscuits of gold; and yet crawling in hopeless despair on the streets; starving for tranquility more horribly than the most

impoverished of beggar .

And perhaps the man buried infinite feet beneath the earth in his coffin might be without breath; celestially smiling in the arms of the Omniscient Creator,

But the tyranny that I underwent inspite of living infinite feet above earth was simply unbearable; killing my soul every moment; piercing me like a thousand knives through my hollow heart; as the entity whom I had loved more than my life no longer existed; the person who was more important to me than anything else on this planet had left me forever .

43. LETS FORGET THIS SOCIETY

We were just a stone throw distance away from each other in reality; yet the norms and spurious pretensions of this orthodox society; separated us like clouds and the boundless earth,

We were just talking distance away from each other in reality; yet the staunch attitude of this supremely conventional society; separated us like the deserts and sparkling water,

We were just whisker lengths away from each other in reality; yet the disgustingly narrow focused attitude of this hollow society; separated us like remote continents on the body of the globe,

We were just a fine thread away from each other in reality; yet the rigidly baseless definitions of this hierarchical society; separated us like a compassionate mother

and her dead son,

We were just a breath away from each other in reality; yet the horrendously disdainful perceptions of the acrid society; separated us like the blistering Sun and the celestially placid Moon,

We were just a single step away from each other in reality; yet the stringent rules and regulations of this uncouth society; separated us like the morbid graveyard and the stupendously blossoming fresh rose,

We were just a slim shadow away from each other in reality; yet the incorrigibly gruesome views of this monotonous society; separated us like the passionately

fulminating volcano and the tunnel engulfed in perpetual gloom,

We were just an emphatic tear away from each other in reality; yet this overwhelmingly prejudiced society; separated us like the summit of the towering mountain and the worm slithering miserably on the ground,

We were just a feeble pulse away from each other in reality; yet the stubborn and tyrannical ideologies of this ruthless society; separated us like truly crimson

volatile blood and colorless water,

We were just a thin eyelash away from each other in reality; yet this profusely dictatorial and sanctimoniously religious society; separated us like appalling sadness and unprecedented joy,

We were just at colliding distance away from each other in reality; yet the vicious swirl of meaningless formalities which this society was preaching since years; separated us like the pulverized bone and the athlete who had already crossed over the finishing

line,

We were just minute centimeters away from each other in reality; yet the treacherous boundaries which this ostentatious society had set since centuries; separated us like fantasy and the acrimonious present,

We were just embracing lengths away from each other in reality; yet the sardonic opinions and diabolical tones of this bombastic society; separated us like the

resplendently twinkling stars and austere daylight,

We were just kicking distance away from each other in reality; yet the cavalcade of inflated philosophies of this dismal society; separated us like the animatedly roaring Dinosaur and the shuddering piece of small twig,

We were just sighting distance away from each other in reality; yet the prison of nonexistent policies which this society had evolved; separated us like the hungry

dog and his piece of meaty bone,

We were just a ravishing lip away from each other in reality; yet the emotionless and cold blooded society; separated us like the crown prince and the beggar counting his last minutes on cold street,

We were just a languidly incomplete yawn away from each other in reality; yet the domineeringly unyielding society; separated us like impeccably silken white and dilapidated blocks of black,

We were just a frigid swish away from each other in reality; yet the barbaric inclination of this perilously ominous society; separated us like the handsomely soaring speedy bird and the pathetically slow tortoise,

We were just a heart beat away from each other in reality; yet the ulterior motives and incessant manipulations of this callous society; separated us like Omnipotent God and the ruthlessly satanic devil,

So c'mon O! beloved; lets once and for all forget this unfathomably idiotic society; come lets unite together in an invincible fortress of our own; come lets unite

together in an unconquerable paradise of our romance; where there was only you; me and our immortal love bonded forever .

44. IMMORTAL LOVERS

As long as we smile; I promise you that we will both smile together; profoundly admiring the glory of the stupendously brilliant Sun,

As long as we play; I promise you that we will both play together; poking each other innocuously in the tender ribs,

As long as we eat; I promise you that we will both eat meals together; masticating a basket replete with succulent cherries with gay abandon and unprecedented relish,

As long as we rest; I promise you that we will both rest together; entwining our arms invincibly and stare unrelentingly at the pearly island of Moon,

As long as we run; I promise you that we will both run together; exuberantly galloping through the verdant countryside; voraciously exploring and discovering the

unfathomably colossal Natural life,

As long as we punch; I promise you that we will both punch together; caressing silken draughts of air with tons of vibrant energy; exhilarating in the aisles of

uncanny excitement,

As long as we write; I promise you that we will both write together; flooding page after page with the essence of whatever we had sagaciously imbibed and gathered on the trajectory of this planet,

As long as we sing; I promise you that we will both sing together; permeating the gloomy ambience; with the enthrallingly buoyant cadence in our voice,

As long as we dance; I promise you that we will both dance together; violently gyrating our bodies in ecstatic jubilation to the hidden tunes that lingered in the air,

As long as we study; I promise you that we will both study together; memorize cumbersome stanzas; solve mind boggling enigmas of routine life; with our minds

focused single focusedly to achieve our sole mission,

As long as we cry; I promise you that we will both cry together; mutually sharing the unsurpassable agony that uncouthly besieged our souls,

As long as we scream; I promise you that we will both scream together; inundating the perennially still ambience with the stringent roar that fulminated in our throats,

As long as we teach; I promise you that we will both teach together; unequivocally propagating the religion of humanity in whomsoever we encountered in the

tenure of our lives,

As long as we yawn; I promise you that we will both yawn together; lazily languish in the realms of surreal fantasy till the first rays of ethereal dawn furtively crept up from the sky,

As long as we lick; I promise you that we will both lick together; greedily slurping sparkling streams of water from the boundlessly deep well,

As long as we climb; I promise you that we will both climb together; assiduously clamber up the treacherous slopes with our bodies leaning stunningly close to

each other; and the resplendent festoon of stars maneuvering us towards the incomprehensibly towering summits,

As long as we dream; I promise you that we will both dream together; fantasize the most bizarre possible of things ever perceived on this planet; philander every

second into a garden overwhelmed with poignantly scented roses,

As long as we joke; I promise you that we will both joke together; erupting into a volley of tangy laughter which voluptuously struck the air,

As long as we breathe; I promise you that we will both breathe together; inhale blissful wind; incessantly deluging our lungs with all the fresh breath that we

could salvage from the atmosphere,

And as long as we take birth on this soil; I promise you that we will both take birth together; continue to exist as immortal lovers not only in this birth; but for many more births together .

45. WHY DON'T YOU SEE

Why do you always gauge me just by the complexion of my lips; Why don't you see the blistering passion fulminating passionately inside?

Why do you always gauge me just by the color of my mascara; Why don't you see the overwhelming empathy lingering in my eyes?

Why do you always gauge me just by the height I possessed; Why don't you see the unsurpassably towering perceptions of your enchanting persona that circulated in my mind?

Why do you always gauge me just by texture of my skin; Why don't you see the profusely crimson blood flowing inside in my veins; the compassionate ardor

impregnated within for your magnificent form?

Why do you always gauge me just by the shades of my nail polish; Why don't you see the poignantly sprouting edges ready to fight for you and defend you at any time?

Why do you always gauge me just by the wealth I had stashed; the cars I drove; Why don't you see the astronomical affluence stored in my soul; ready to help you even after my death?

Why do you always gauge me just by the gloss of my hair; Why don' t you see the intricate brain embodied inside evolving fantasies concerning only you all the time?

Why do you always gauge me just by spurious slang in my voice; Why don't you see the effusive agony uncontrollably gushing out the instants I spoke?

Why do you always gauge me just by the jewelry I adorned; Why don't you see each droplet of tear which oozed out of my eye; each globule of silver sweat which dribbled from my arms; was profoundly dedicated to your divinely grace?

Why do you always gauge me just by the number of places I had traveled to by air; Why don't you see the infinite expeditions I was willing to undertake under the scorching heat of sweltering Sun; hoisting you on my bare shoulder?

Why do you always gauge me just by the bodyguards and cavalcade that relentlessly followed me; Why don't you see the life I was ready to sacrifice this very moment; in order to save you from the tiniest of evil?

Why do you always gauge me just by the scintillating shine of my teeth; Why don't you see the ghastly shell I was ready to break and chew; so that you drank the

stupendously sweet water?

Why do you always gauge me just by the design of my garish shoe; Why don't you see my feet which were ready to walk absolutely naked on a blanket of acrid thorns; so that you slept celestially on the golden couch?

Why do you always gauge me just by the contours of my swanky watch; Why don't you see my pulse that ticked faster than the speed of light; sped more turbulently

than the shark in the ocean the very instant it witnessed your mesmerizing countenance?

Why do you always gauge me just by the scent I sprinkled; Why don't you see the incredulously fervent aroma that diffused from my nostrils when you were

standing at whisker lengths across my shoulder?

Why do you always gauge me just by the business acumen I possessed; Why don't you see that I was ready to unflinchingly take on the mantle of this entire world;

to savor a chance of perpetually hovering around your voluptuous demeanor?

Why do you always gauge me just by the fraternity of food I consumed for each meal in the day; Why don't you see the infinite hours that I was prepared to remain starved; so that you relished the tantalizing cherry of your choice?

Why do you always gauge me just by the pen I stuck to my persona; Why don't you see the overwhelming zeal in my fingers to write a book on your fascinating life;

all on my own?

And why do you always gauge me just by the shirt I wore to engulf my visage; Why don't you see the madly throbbing heart inside my chest; whose each beat was

profoundly yours; whose each throb wanted to immortally capture your love and make it for always mine?

46. THE RICHEST OF ALL

When I saw her; my heart became an passionate ocean of love; throbbing more violently than the volcano fulminating mercilessly beneath hot soil,

When I saw her; my eyes became a paradise of emotions; with an insatiable propensity to wildly love now encompassing every cranny of their plain white,

When I saw her; my lips became gargantuan islands of spongy chocolate; diffusing an aroma of profuse sweetness in whatever they kissed and caressed,

When I saw her; my palms became mountains of invincible strength; ready to take on the mantle of the entire world and the most gruesomely acrid of thorns,

When I saw her; my speech became a gushing river of mesmerizing songs; capturing all the beauty entrenched in this world in the melody of its voice,

When I saw her; my teeth became a colossal fortress; with an astoundingly formidable tenacity to squelch even the most obdurate of nut into a million pieces,

When I saw her; my nose became a vivaciously flowing fountain; diffusing into a stream of enchantingly vibrant color and shades,

When I saw her; my feet became unfathomable tunnels of exotic energy; galloping at speeds never perceivable by any mankind,

When I saw her; my thoughts became a fascinating cloud of immortal romance; floating fervently through surreally alluring space,

When I saw her; my stride became a stupendously blossoming pond of lotus; sprouting into infinite petals of overwhelming fragrance and grace,

When I saw her; my muscles became the fathomless battlefield; marching forward with boisterous audacity; ready to demolish and swipe the tiniest trace of evil from the periphery of this earth,

When I saw her; my ears became the boundlessly unsurpassable sky; profoundly deciphering and imbibing every possible sound hovering in this Universe,

When I saw her; my stomach became a gigantic tree; able to handsomely assimilate any amount of food and water visible till far and wide,

When I saw her; my cheeks became a garden of redolent roses; blushing a splendid crimson till the onset of eternity,

When I saw her; my skin became an incredulously gaudy rainbow; impregnating in it virtually all possible shades that existed on this earth,

When I saw her; my sweat became a delectable beehive inundated with divinely nectar; wafting an aroma which had the ability to placate even the most sacrosanct of

angels,

When I saw her; my blood became a waterfall of voluptuous seduction; circulating rampantly and triggering a blazing trail of ardent desire all throughout my crisscrossed veins,

When I saw her; my whole body became a mirror of scintillating rays; a mirror which explicitly portrayed to me the very reason of my precious existence,

And when I saw her; my breath became even more purer than when I was just born; infact I could say with insurmountable pride; the richest of all amongst every

living kind .

47. ALL THAT I WANTED TO SEE

All that the fish wanted to see; was a colossal assemblage of salty water inundated with a flurry of undulating and tangy waves,

All that the bird wanted to see; was the gigantic expanse of blue sky packed with an voluptuous ensemble of misty clouds,

All that the crocodile wanted to see; was disdainfully garbled slurry of mud; a profoundly sticky track on which people slipped even before they could have

walked,

All that the rat wanted to see; was a tunnel engulfed with perennial darkness; a pile blended with sewage; cheese and garbage lying scattered on the streets,

All that the mountain summit wanted to see; was a festoon of ominous clouds; with sometimes glimpses of brilliantly sizzling hot sunshine,

All that the carrot wanted to see; was a blanket of clammy mud; varied piles of debris coalesced perfectly with soil,

All that the miserly caterpillar wanted see; was a trail of fresh farm crops; sprouting in splendid harmony on farm land; for it to nibble and chew,

All that the ducks wanted see; was placid pools of water around; an enchanting serenity lingering profusely in the atmosphere,

All that a starved dog wanted see; was a meaty piece of bone; crumbs of delicious bread left inadvertently on the bakery window,

All that the lizard wanted see; was a battalion of slimy insects pertinently hovering around the artificially dingy and dim light,

All that the mighty elephant wanted to see; was a stream of exotic water; which it could splash with heavenly strokes of its trunk on its parched body,

All that the bull wanted to see; was a fiery red cloth; evoking it to ferociously charge and wade forward unrelentingly,

All that the deserts wanted to see; was thunderous cloudbursts of rain; gargantuan droplets of water majestically caressing their brutally scorched demeanor,

All that the spider wanted to see; was a valley of silken thread; on which it could rampantly philander and dance under enchanting beams of moonlight,

All that the shivering skin wanted to see; was compassionate rolls of furry cloth; lanky strands of resilient fabric which would protect it from austerely chilly winds of winter,

All that the blinded eye wanted to see; was the faces of the ones around who stood by it in times of inexplicable distress; the sacrosanct palms of the mother who gave it birth,

All that the mind wanted to see; was the mesmerizing beauty of this boundless Universe; the stupendously vivacious traces of life that existed in bountiful on

this fathomless planet,

All that the vividly striped peacock wanted to see; was royally oligarchic sunset blended astoundingly with frugal globules of rain; fomenting it to spread its wings to a full blossom under the sky,

All that the fleet of irascibly loitering mosquitoes wanted to see; was supple and succulent pockets of ripe skin; inevitably inviting them to perch upon and suckle blood to their hearts content,

All that the badly tied stomach wanted to see; was heaps of appetizing food; transiting it into waves of tumultuous rhapsody and uncontrollable euphoria,

All that the dilapidated dungeons wanted to see; was mammoth boxes of scintillating diamonds and silver permeating their eerie dark and profound gloominess,

All that the elderly grandparents wanted to see; was their little children bouncing with ebullience and fresh signs of robust life,

All that the burnt tongue wanted to see; was tantalizingly pulverized white slabs of freezing ice,

All that the overwhelmingly feverish body wanted to see; was stringent cabinets replete with powerful antiseptic; magically healing its gruesomely ailing parts,

All that the Creator wanted to see; was the earth that he had evolved blissfully functioning; human beings of each race and fraternity embracing each other in the

spirit of unbiased brotherhood,

And all that I wanted to see; was her ravishing form every second; every minute; every hour; every day; every fortnight; every year; for countless more centuries and births to unveil .

48. PASSING THROUGH HER HEART

As I tried to pass through the flamboyant Sun; its blistering rays wasted no time at all in charring me to inconspicuous bits of stray ash,

As I tried to pass through the pearly Moon; its tenacious beams permeated through my spell of profound concentration; and it was difficult for me to recognize my own entity as I got out,

As I tried to pass through the valley of silken clouds; I had tumultuous difficulty in opening my eyes; miserably failed to recognize my cherished ones in the obfuscated haze that engulfed me in wholesome entirety,

As I tried to pass through pugnacious plumes of black smoke; I wildly vomited all what I had consumed for breakfast at dawn and succulent supper at night,

As I tried to pass through a river of bubbling acid; all what I found was a conglomerate of my own pulverized bones after exuberantly reaching the banks,

As I tried to pass through the morbidly dark tunnel; I felt my voice ghoulishly echo; fomenting the last hair down my spine to stand in electric unison,

As I tried to pass through the virgin sea shores; I winced in tumultuous anguish as an obnoxious cluster of crabs stung my flesh with deadly poison,

As I tried to pass through the densely camouflaged jungles; my heart and soul nearly sank into my boots; and I found my trousers profusely wetted as the thunderous roar of the tiger crept stunningly close to my skin,

As I tried to pass through the pitch dark street; I experienced the worst encounter of my life; when a gang of thieves satanically stole all my possessions; left me stranded without a single cloth on my body,

As I tried to pass through the sliding lift doors; I felt a sudden spasm in my hand; and before realization could dawn upon the barbaric metal had already taken several of my innocuous fingers,

As I tried to pass through the scintillating mirror door; infinite shards of acrimonious glass hurtled out in frenzy; and I settled with a terrified gasp on the floor with blood oozing from virtually every cranny of my body,

As I tried to pass through a cotton factory; I found myself sneezing unrelentingly with deafening snorts; as invisible threads voraciously tickled sensitive arenas of my robust nose,

As I tried to pass through lanky slopes laden with overwhelming avalanches of snow; I felt my teeth rattling like a woodpecker; and each bone of mine died a gory death punctured by the vicious cold,

As I tried to pass through the sooty coal mine; my complexion metamorphosed to worse than a black cat; and people around me ran helter-skelter; envisaging me

to be an dreadful alien from the third world,

As I tried to pass through the freshly constructed wall; the end result found me wearing a coat of obdurate cement on my face; half a brick on my scalp; with a mountain of mud burying me without prior notice into my grave,

As I tried to pass through completely full cylinders of heavy gas; after a while I found countless bits of my flesh blown away like specks of compressed dirt in the atmosphere; the ingenious cavities of my brain shooting like an untamed fountain towards the sky,

As I tried to pass through the overflowing bath of fragrant shampoo; I found myself sputtering and stuttering without control; and gigantic balloons of froth wafted from my mouth everytime I ventured to open my mouth,

As I tried to pass through the wire entrenched walls of the formidable fortress; I catapulted like an insipid butterfly for miles on the trot; and the shock that occurred nearly electrocuted to ghastly death,

But when I tried to pass through her enchanting heart; I found myself trapped for immortal times bonded with threads of invincible love; and not only did I regain

back my previous one; but was bestowed upon with fathomless more blissful and spell binding lives .

49. PLATFORM OF LOVE

When I tried running on a platform of white ice; I scornfully slipped; and in the end all that I was able to taste was incredulously frozen water,

When I tried running on a platform of tangy salt; I inevitably lost my footing; and there was nothing but vivaciously ominous powder all over my trembling skin,

When I tried running on a platform of brilliantly yellow and pure butter; I hurled forward with a stifled gasp after some time; with the follicles of my hair incorrigibly sticking to each other like the gigantic tree and its flimsy roots,

When I tried running on a platform of scintillating glass; I abysmally floundered; tripped head on to have my supple skin ruthlessly punctured and in pools of

ghastly blood,

When I tried running on a platform of feathered silk; I dismally broke the bones of my dainty nose; and my eyeballs popped out like bouncy springs reverberating

incessantly in free space,

When I tried running on a platform of silver sands; I collapsed with a thunderous thud on the obdurate floor; with my shoe flying over my shoulder and all my

expensive pair of clothes ripping apart mercilessly at their sensitive seams,

When I tried running on a platform of slimy oyster shells; I heard a deafeningly banging noise inundate the atmosphere; winced in incomprehensible amount of

agony after twisting my knee to unprecedented limits,

When I tried running on a platform of astoundingly smooth talcum powder; I fell 10 steps backward instead of marching towards realms of irrefutably victory,

When I tried running on a platform of disdainful grease; I kept intractably jogging at a single spot for hours on the trot; while infact all my adversaries had already reached the voluptuous strings of the finishing line,

When I tried running on a platform of satiny white paper; there were infinite obstreperous and unruly voices that deluged the soft ambience; and all that

resulted as an outcome was prominently gaping holes in the body of the sheet which now fitted snugly on my scalp,

When I tried running on a platform of rolling marbles; all that was heard after a while was my horrifically petrified screams and gasps as I found myself plunging towards an ocean of gruesome blackness blended with dilapidated nothingness,

When I tried running on a platform of freshly green banana skins; I banged on my hindside with a force greater than the force of Nature; and the complexion of my cheeks metamorphosed to an embarrassingly childish crimson,

When I tried running on a platform of spongy rubber balls; I successfully managed to crush a few in my initial conquests of reaching my mission; but soon shuddered overwhelmingly before kissing dust on the ground; dug partial graves for myself in loose soil,

When I tried running on a platform of lifeless whale skin; I inadvertently shouted beyond hysterical boundaries as if the monster was alive; collided terribly on my ribs as I took just a few steps forward,

When I tried running on a platform of insurmountably red cherries; all I accomplished doing was finely pulverizing the succulent fruit; while the

inconspicuously tiny seeds fomented me to tremble hopelessly towards the cold floor,

When I tried running on a platform of pure Cadbury chocolate; my feet primordially enjoyed transgressing through the supremely soft bed; but after a while got horrendously entangled in the mess; felt as if deplorably sinking into the valley of death,

When I tried running on a platform of glittering diamonds; in the beginning I felt insatiably delighted at possessing such lavish amounts of opulence; but soon regretted my decision tremendously; as their pointed surface uncouthly infiltrated into my heart; satanically assassinating the tiniest traces of tangible life,

When I tried running on a platform of congenital lies; I landed up in such a hell; that it was profoundly sickening to bear with the aftermath's that unleashed

thereafter in my life,

When I tried running on a platform of salacious lechery and malice; I ended up being imprisoned in my own sinful trap; a prison which infact had a gleaming lock without a single key,

While it was only when I tried running on a platform of immortal love; that my life gained full fledged momentum; irrevocably refrained to look backwards; transited to blissfully bouncing and wholesomely alive .

50. ALL DAY AND NIGHT

The deserts waited all day and night; for fat globules of mesmerizing rain; crystalline streams of water to pacify their overwhelmingly parched belly,

The dog waited all day and night; for a meaty chunk of bone; masticating the sumptuous meat to appease the pangs of hunger thunderously knocking his tiny

stomach,

The ocean waited all day and night; for the rampant maelstrom; swirling its vivacious waves high and handsome towards the sky; clashing with stupendous passion against the black chain of rocks,

The beggar waited all day and night; for that inevitable rush of swanky cars; desperately anticipating a flurry of shimmering coin to cascade into his hollow bowl,

The camel waited all day and night; for a thorny shrub to appear before its eyes; perennially rest on dry soil; painstakingly chewing the thorns of its choice,

The shark waited all day and night; for a gigantic ship to sail above its head; so that it could satanically pulverize innocent flesh in its jaws; wretchedly overturning the boat without the slightest of thought or respite,

The valley waited all day and night; for a deafening echo; producing an eerie sound that horrendously jolted the entire planet,

The snow waited all day and night; for blistering sunshine; perpetuating into streams of divinely water; basking in the glory of compassionate warmth and velvety grace,

The doctor waited all day and night; for the speedy recovery of his patients; incessantly praying to the Creator to cure them of inexplicable pain,

The lizard waited all day and night; for a festoon of mosquitoes; greedily gobbling them with untamed relish and unprecedented gusto,

The shoe waited all day and night; for its master to adorn it; audaciously kick it in free space; to generate colossal draughts of exuberant breeze,

The dungeons waited all day and night; for the most minuscule ray of light; illuminating its dreary caricature with astoundingly optimistic beams of

boisterous brightness,

The lips waited all day and night; for an incomprehensibly mystical kiss; triggering waves of vibrant euphoria in their ardently starved and pinkish persona,

The mother bird waited all day and night; for her innocuous cluster of eggs to hatch; the manifestation of her very own blood to soar uninhibitedly through the open sky,

The soldier waited all day and night; for his country to indispensably win; penalize the perilous traitors to the most unfathomable degree; for spreading violent terror in his blissful territory,

The cow waited all day and night; for meadows of bountifully green grass; slowly ambling with its irrefutably sacrosanct form through the carpet of sedate soil,

The bomb waited all day and night; for someone to release its menacingly glistening pin; for it murderously explode into a fountain of unsurpassable devastation,

The writer waited all day and night to be ubiquitously recognized by the world; harmoniously propagate the essence of his work to masses far and distant on this

earth,

The dreadfully empty coffin waited all day and night; for a person to breathe his last; occupy its interiors as it savagely sank down to unimaginable depths beneath soil,

And my heart waited all day and night; for the girl of my dreams to say "I love you"; jump infinite feet far from its imprisoned chest; to profoundly bond with the chords of immortal love; the chords of immortal romance .

## The End .
 
You die; I die – Love Poems – Part 6

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my Book as above described , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

### 

###

###

### Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

About The Poetry Book – This Book which has 50 differently titled Poems , is actually Part 6 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. WITHOUT HER HANDS IN MINE   
2. IF YOU LISTENED TO MY HEART   
3. IN THE REALMS OF SACROSANCT MARRIAGE   
4. MELTED

5. LEAVING MY PAST WELL BEHIND   
6. I'M THE ONE

7. MY HEART RELIED ON   
8. GIVE HER MY LIFE   
9. KEEPING HER LOVE

10. IF THE HEART EVER HAD A TONGUE   
11. I SALUTE YOU

12. FOR EVERY BEAT OF HERS

13. THERE WERE TIMES

14. POWERLESS

15. NO HEART SHOULD EVER MISS

16. CANDID IMPRESSION

17. LADEN

18. LOVE; LOVE AND SIMPLY LOVE

19. I PREFERRED TO CALL

20. BRINGING A SMILE ON YOUR FACE

21. NO COMBATS

22. HAD ROOM FOR NONE ELSE

23. LICENSE TO LOVE

24. AT LEAST ONCE

25. MR. AND MRS. OMNIPOTENT LOVE

26. UNCEASINGLY SIZELESS

27. LOVE - A PERPETUAL POISON

28. FOREVER AND ONLY YOURS

29. WHOLESOMELY EMPTYING

30. EXPECTATIONS MASSACRE LIFE

31. DYING IN YOUR PERPETUAL LAP

32. ON THE GALLOWS OF

33. WHAT USE WAS IT ?

34. WHERE WERE YOU ?

35. IS ANYBODY LISTENING ?

36. WHILE TODAY

37. LOVE PERPETUALLY

38. MARRIED   
39. WHEN SHE BLUSHED   
40. TO WIN HER BACK

41. DON'T YOU WORRY SWEETHEART

42. PROMISE ME

43. THE TENACITY OF MY LOVE   
44. IMMORTAL LOVE

45. I WANTED YOU TO LIVE FOR A THOUSAND CENTURIES

46. LOVE YOU

47. I WANTED TO DIE WITH YOU   
48. HOW COULD YOU EVER FORGET

49. WHEN SHE ARRIVED   
50. YOU WERE LIKE THAT OMNIPRESENT GOD IN MY LIFE

1. WITHOUT HER HANDS IN MINE

In order to erase my name from the soil; all I did was kick the loose sands with my feet; and it blended almost magically with the mundane mud,

In order to erase my name from my skin; all I did was wash it with stringent antiseptic; to swipe out the most minuscule trace that might be incorrigibly remaining,

In order to erase my name from my lips; all I did was to purse them passionately with my tongue; then see for myself how handsomely did the ink coalesce in entirety with my saliva,

In order to erase my name from the walls; all I did was to paint them afresh with loads of scintillating whitewash and poignant color,

In order to erase my name from the tree trunk; all I did was slice off that chunk of guilty wood; with effortless ease and incoherent strokes of my lanky pocket knife,

In order to erase my name from the birthday cake; all I did was to gobble it with an insatiable frenzy; guzzle down the most inconspicuous of ingredients adhering to my throat; over a glass of cool water,

In order to erase my name from a bonded sheet of white paper; all I did was to use a gargantuan rubber; caressing it arduously across the squalid sheet; to make the stain vanish into thin oblivion,

In order to erase my name from the transparently sparkling mirror; I applied few pints of stale liquid; got rid off the same with incredulous ease; rubbing it with a soft blanket of sponge,

In order to erase my name from the greasy kitchen table; all I did was to nonchalantly dismiss off the pool of oil; languidly towards the hollow sink,

In order to erase my name from my diabolically bald scalp; all I did was to grow a new mass of hair; which beautifully camouflaged it and shimmered magnificently

under the river of pearly moonlight,

In order to erase my name from the artificially embossed pencil tip; all I did was to chew it phlegmatically; and at the same time triggered the dormant cells of my brain to imagine till unprecedented limits,

In order to erase my name from the passionate sea shores; all I did was wait for the waves to swirl ecstatically; joyfully slap the sands and brutally dismantle the synchronized alphabets,

In order to erase my name from the swanky car windshield; all I did was to switch on the long wipers; which swiped off even the most diminutive trace of dirt; metamorphosing its demeanor as if I had just purchased it from the showroom,

In order to erase my name from my eye; all I did was to simply wink; see for myself as to how insipidly it disappeared along with my volatile film of emphatic tears,

In order to erase my name from the regional town map; all I did was to substitute it with the initials of an entity more proficient than me; more versatile than me in all respects,

In order to erase my name from the records of heinous crime; all I did was drift my life away from the most obsolete shadow of evil; spend the remainder of my breath left in philanthropically serving all mankind,

In order to erase my name from the cheque; all I did was adroitly replicate it with the profound seal of my bohemian thumb,

In order to erase my name from my friends heart; all I did was neglected him a trifle in his times of unsurpassably hopeless distress,

In order to erase my name from the robust bone; all I did was to offer it to the famished stray dog; who pulverized it within seconds into raw chowder; with the insurmountable tenacity in his teeth,

But when I tried to erase my name from hers; that very instant I transformed into worthless streams of condemnable ash; left for my heavenly abode; brutally

penalized by the Almighty; and this time without her hands in mine .

2. IF YOU LISTENED TO MY HEART

If you sighted my shadow; which had nonchalantly formed under sweltering rays of sunlight,

Then you'd come to know how tumultuously it wavered; the insatiable longing in its contours to trespass past your stupendous grace.

If you glimpsed my lips; which glistened incredulously into vivacious shades of lotus pink,

Then you'd come to know how solitary they were; the unprecedented urge in them to kiss your divinely name.

If you heard my voice; which rose and fell with an uncanny mysticism in the perpetually still air,

Then you'd come to know how hopeless it was; how much it wanted you by its side; searching for you frantically in the fathomless wilderness.

If you felt my tears; which trickled down all day and night through my cheeks,

Then you'd come to know how lifeless they were; the overwhelming desire in them to occupy an immortal position beside your tinkling feet.

If you caressed my skin; which resembled a frigidly lackluster ashen white,

Then you'd come to know how freezing it was; how much it longed for your company; to trigger it vehemently into astronomical loads of compassionate warmth.

If you stood beside my breath; which morbidly cascaded down my nostrils;

Then you'd come to know how lackadaisical it was; the thunderously volatile intensity lingering in it; to drift down your fabulous nape.

If you ran your fingers through my scalp; which pathetically slept even under a wave of unimaginably blistering heat that encompassed it from all sides,

Then you'd come to know how much it wanted to be majestically massaged; the unsurpassable agony in it to be kissed by your heavenly form.

If you peered deep down into my eyes; which had lost their ability to see; even though they were blissfully alive,

Then you'd come to know how much they were clouded with inexplicable sadness; how inexorably they missed you and craved for you to whisper and dream by their

side.

And if you listened to my heart; which uncontrollably palpitated without the tiniest of respite; whether I walked or lazily slept on the star studded night,

Then you'd come to know how much it remembered you every unleashing second; the invincible tenacity pounding upon it to imprison you forever; in each of

its everlasting beats .

3. IN THE REALMS OF SACROSANCT MARRIAGE

There was a time when we talked in hushed whispers behind the bushes; endeavoring our best to camouflage our bodies from the extraneous world,

While today we sat closely beside each other under brilliant daylight; entwining our palms formidably against each other; blatantly in the midst of the bustling streets.

There was a time when we waited for marathon hours to meet; anxiously anticipating the sun to set down in the hills before we started for our clandestine expeditions,

While today we spent each moment together; with our breaths drifting down passionately without the slightest of synchronized control.

There was a time when we painstakingly craved to hear each others voices; trying to frantically search our memory as far as possible to salvage the last word we spoke,

While today we indefatigably talked till our tongues ached; conversed about the weirdest topics in this world; our eyes locked immortally with each other.

There was a time when we cordially smiled in front of the society; to depict that we were nothing else but good friends of after school,

While today we laughed to our hearts content philandering euphorically through the labyrinth of mystical valleys; leaving the civilized planet forever; well behind our times.

There was a time when we yearned to see all rays relinquish completely in our dwellings; so that we could surreptitiously meet and sight each other for a short while under milky moonbeams,

While today we admired each other to the most unprecedented capacity of our minds; in tenaciously fiery and flamboyant full house lights.

There was a time when we witnessed each other with stooping eyes; profoundly mortified by each others presence in front of our revered elders,

While today we danced in ebullient energy even after midnight; with our lids incorrigibly refusing to bat the tiniest; gazing wide open till unsurpassable

times.

There was a time when we ate our food in separate plates; ardently remembering each other; with tears welling up in our eyes as we nostalgically reminisced our playful times,

While today we fed each other with our own hands; sat at whisker length distances with our lips profusely intermingled; entirely oblivious to the unfurling of rapid time.

There was a time when we were petrified to see to each other without prior permissions; as we knew that the ramifications of that could be punishment upto the

highest decree,

While today we waved at everybody on the roads with uninhibited freedom; audaciously proclaiming to the world the tales of our invincible romance.

And there was a time when we had newly met; said "I Love you" to each other; were groping to find our veritable places; blend with the Herculean struggle to blissfully survive in this colossal globe,

While today we had just tied the nuptial thread; bonding our mind; body; soul for centuries immemorial; drifting in a world wholesomely of our own; in the realms of sacrosanct marriage .

4. MELTED

The candlewax castle melted like a pack of soft cards; under blistering rays of flamboyantly fiery sunshine,

The panther melted at its mouth; when it sighted a robust fleet of deer galloping rampantly through the wilderness,

The desert sands inevitably melted in scorching summer; at the sight of the celestially rejuvenating pool of shimmering mirage,

The clouds in the cosmos melted thunderously; as they hovered over a blanket of profusely green trees and mystical shrub,

The dog's tongue melted insatiably; as it cast its greedy eyes upon the juicy chunk of bone poking alluringly from its masters pocket,

The beggar melted in mind; body and soul; as he perceived a dungeon inundated with opulently glittering gold in his nocturnal dreams,

The lips melted in unsustainable passion; as they saw the person of their most stupendous conceptions; right before their rubicund periphery,

The giant melted in wholesome entirety; as it witnessed the colossal kingdom of fleshy molecules wandering helplessly without an iota of caution or sagacious calm,

The mirror melted in a million pieces; as it confronted the ghastly skeleton of a man; who once upon a time used to admire himself in the same,

The snow melted on the boundless hills; as fireballs of pugnacious light caressed it vindictively; from every conceivable side,

The voice melted into a trickle of its original self; as an atmosphere of satanic terror; abruptly snapped the melody of its heart,

The conglomerate of gigantic leaves melted to bits of inconspicuous raw ash; as flames of pugnaciously golden fire escalated high and handsome towards the sky,

The thunderously deafening echo melted into gruesome nothingness; as it clashed umpteenth number of times against the chain of cold blooded rocks,

The blatantly audacious footsteps melted into infinitesimally remote space; as they were besieged by the blood curling sound of menacing death,

The slabs of brilliantly sparkling yellow butter melted into a curry of slim grease; when brutally spread with a gleaming knife on the periphery of supremely handsome and sizzling toast,

The pair of vivaciously emphatic eyes melted into diminutively shrunk plastic; as they sighted the lifeless body of the person they vehemently adored and loved,

The boisterous chirping of sporty birds melted submissively; as the last beam of brightness disappeared brusquely behind the cocoon of scarlet sky,

The life of a tangible individual melted in wholesome entirety; as and when the Creator waved his hand and wanted,

And my heart melted into an island of tumultuously tantalizing paradise; at the tiniest whisper of my beloved; the most faintest cry of her enchantingly everlasting romance .

5. LEAVING MY PAST WELL BEHIND

Just give me your hand; and I'll get ready to face the mightiest of challenge; with an irrefutable scent of victory lingering profusely in my every stride,

Just give me your hand; and I'll escalate higher than the azure skies; to snatch the festoon of overwhelmingly glittering stars for the delights of your impeccable lap,

Just give me your hand; and I'll become an inferno blazing with the most omnipotent of light; refraining to dwindle a trifle even in thunderous rain and bizarre storm,

Just give me your hand; and I'll stay awake to euphorically dance all day and night; relinquish the last iota of gloomy dreariness from my bleary pair of eyes,

Just give me your hand; and I'll spawn a mesmerizing fountain in the heart of the sweltering desert; pacify infinite granules of gruesomely parched sand with

supremely rejuvenating water,

Just give me your hand; and I'll illuminate even the most horrendous patch of morbidly despairing space; with profound beams of stringent light,

Just give me your hand; and I'll stand taller than the clouds even as the earth reverberated; staring intransigently into your countenance as you danced in

my palms,

Just give me your hand; and I'll transit back into exuberantly nostalgic childhood; intrepidly ride on the striped panthers back; without a single strip of cloth on my barren chest,

Just give me your hand; and I'll conjure stupendous magic on every path I transgressed; metamorphosing dead chunks of stinking wood into monumental pillars

of glistening gold,

Just give me your hand; and I'll levitate to the summit of the mountain in one step; ebulliently breathe with insurmountable compassion; and dynamic light filtering through the frightened whites of my eye,

Just give me your hand; and I'll float till eternity like a fragrant petal in the air; wafting my exotic redolence to whomsoever who needed it the most,

Just give me your hand; and I'll trespass bare soled even on blistering red embers of flamboyant fire; swallow the most treacherous droplets of misery without the slightest gasp in my throat,

Just give me your hand; and I'll ignite vivacious flames even in a lifeless pond of water; instill traces of immortal love in the ghastliest of entities entrenching me,

Just give me your hand; and I'll ecstatically bounce as if the richest man in this Universe; doughtily wade past even an ocean of fulminating acid to achieve the

most unbelievable of my dreams,

Just give me your hand; and I'll leap into the valley of death; rise inexorably high above the ashes with optimistic traces of breath invincibly incarcerated within the dormitories of my heart,

Just give me your hand; and I'll make a grandiloquent castle out of obsoletely thin air; evolve a paradise for all humans to exist; in the midst of satanic barbarism that inundated each part of the atmosphere,

Just give me your hand; and I'll sing till times immemorial; granting reprieve to countless entities from their unrelenting string of tyrannical woes,

Just give me your hand; and I'll blend all fabulous beauty with mundane mud; transform this sacred land of Almighty God; into a veritable paradise,

And just give me your hand O! enchanting beloved; and I'll rise as the most powerful human from infinite feet beneath the corpse; surge forward with an insatiable ardor in my bones; reinstating a smile back in whomsoever I encountered in my way; leaving my hopeless past well behind; to celestially lead boundless more Sunlit days.

6. I'M THE ONE

I'm one who's crazy about you; fantasizing you in the most stupendously fabulous forms ever conceivable,

I'm the one who's passionate about you; insatiably craving to blend your heart with mine till times immemorial,

I'm the one who's greedy about you; wanting to incessantly witness your enchanting grace as each second unfurled into a complete minute,

I'm the one who's supremely overwhelmed by you; unable to perceive about anything else except your twin pairs of magnificently sparkling eyes,

I'm the one who's fanatically ardent about you; sitting for indefatigable hours by your side; to hear the tales of your innocuous childhood,

I'm the one who's insurmountably sensitive about you; would try every feasible method existing on this Universe to make you mine,

I'm the one who's always ready for you; uninhibitedly accepting you in the invincible swirl of my arms; even when the planet had rejected you,

I'm the one who's relentlessly working for you; endeavoring my absolute best to sketch you in the most enamoring repertoire of forms; lingering bountifully in the cosmos,

I'm the one who's immortally desiring you; giving you a position grater than the Ultimate Creator; in the realms of my palpitating heart,

I'm the one who's unprecedentedly impressed by you; intransigently iterating your string of benevolently exotic virtues to whomsoever I encountered,

I'm the one who's inexorably possessive about you; mercilessly annihilating the minutest trace of salacious spirit; hovering stealthily round the contours of your impeccable face,

I'm the one who's wholesomely stupefied by you; drowning myself till times beyond eternity into the mesmerizing cadence of your heavenly voice,

I'm the one who's profoundly sympathetic with you; unequivocally commiserating with you; even as the society outside savagely kicked you for no fault of your immaculate soul,

I'm the one who's perpetually remembering you; incorrigibly sealing my mind to all thoughts; other than your incredulously alluring smile,

I'm the one who's unsurpassably pampering you; ensuring that the most inconspicuous of your wail; was compassionately catered to,

I'm the one who's optimistically wistful about you; wishing you nothing less than the very best in every aspect of your life; the days in your destiny yet to blissfully unveil,

I'm the one who's frantically searching for you; not sparing even the most darkest corner of earth; in my incomprehensible attempts to retrieve you,

I'm the one who's tirelessly fighting for you; in order to irrefutably ensure you assimilated the maximum happiness; in God's creation of boundless paradise,

And I'm the one; infact the only one who loves you; dedicating each of my tumultuously throbbing beats to your celestial form; bonding you forever with the body above my bones; and the soul underneath; which had already given its love to you .

7. MY HEART RELIED ON

The tree relied overwhelmingly on soil; those trapped granules of spell binding moisture; to make it bountifully blossom towards the Kingly Sun,

The tongue relied inevitably on slippery saliva; basked in the glory of voluptuous softness for times immemorial; as it pursed itself passionately on the scarlet lips,

The ocean relied insurmountably on its undulating festoon of ravishing waves; the tantalizing globules of wild salt incarcerated within; which propelled it to swirl in uninhibited frenzy,

The watch relied indispensably on its pair of slender needles; to indefatigably traverse round the clock; portray explicit shades of accurate time,

The eyeball relied inevitably on its lids; the rejuvenating blankets of tears they oozed; with poignant intensity every unfurling second,

The pencil relied tumultuously on its handsomely bonded lead; to emboss boundless lines of exquisite literature; deluge the surface of barren paper with exotic calligraphy,

The dog relied profusely on its tail; to portray its flurry of candid emotions; the state of being which it was blatantly circumvented with,

The envelope relied irrevocably on its set of contemporary stamps; the meticulous strings of denomination riveted on its body; that transported it at swashbuckling speeds to far and distant across the globe,

The mountain relied intransigently on its towering summits; which ensured that it leapt in vivacious glory towards azure bits of golden sky; majestically loomed large above everything else in vicinity,

The whale relied incorrigibly on its battalion of pugnacious jaws; which bestowed upon it the power to rip apart the most mightiest of entities into inconspicuous bits of pulverized chowder,

The boat relied profoundly on its twin set of oars; to dexterously maneuver it like a price even in the most ominously turbulent of storm,

The lips relied compassionately on a gregarious smile; the ingratiating aura which it imparted to their pathetically parched demeanor,

The spider relied unsurpassably on silken strands of its velvety web; running to its hearts content across the labyrinth of threads without the slightest of shame or respite,

The peacock relied unrelentingly on droplets of sparkling rain; the heavenly water which cascaded from the sky; evoking it to spread its oligarchic feathers into a royal bloom and dance,

The arms relied incomprehensibly on bulging bits of muscle; to impregnate in them the power to doughtily fight; the power to audaciously survive,

The brain relied unfathomably on memory; those nostalgic reminisces of the past; which triggered it to gain unstoppable momentum and surge forward with ecstatic reflections lingering enchantingly for times,

The diamond relied tirelessly on shine; that queenly glint which made it the unprecedented darling of all tribes,

The body relied perpetually on tangible breath; which instilled in it the tenacity to valiantly fight for its rights; and blissfully survive,

And my heart relied solely on immortal love; the omnipotent essence of which made it passionately throb even centuries after veritable death .

8. GIVE HER MY LIFE

Give her each droplet of blood flowing rampantly through my body; rejuvenating her persona with indispensable energy,

Giver her each smile that encapsulated my lips; deluging her majestically mesmerizing countenance with astronomical happiness,

Giver her each dream that circulated fabulously in the corridors of my brain; catapulting her into a land of ecstasy and unfathomable paradise,

Give her each ray of hope that engulfed my existence; stupendously enlightening her string of infinite more unveiling tomorrows,

Give her each droplet of poignant empathy that lingered insatiably in my eyes; impregnating in her the essence of benevolent mankind,

Give her each muscle embedded indomitably in my arms; imparting her with the tenacity to resiliently encounter the most disastrous situation in life,

Give her each ounce of mysticism that enveloped my shadow; overwhelming her life with enigmatic spice and divinely happiness,

Give her each wave of my voice; bestowing upon her the power to indefatigably express herself; at all moments of the adventurously unveiling day,

Give her each iota of luck that encompassed my silhouette; manifesting her every unfinished dream into a perpetual reality,

Give her each trace of vivaciousness that entrenched my conglomerate of bones; propelling her to ecstatically bounce forward with exuberant enthusiasm in life,

Give her each globule of tumultuous rhapsody that permeated my skin; making her experience the myriad of vibrant colors in existence,

Give her each sigh of immortal satisfaction that circumvented my conscience; fomenting her to perceive that her flurry of tasks were accomplished with

supreme gratification,

Give her each bit of cloth that intricately sequestered my entire visage; embodying her impeccable demeanor with loads of compassionate warmth,

Give her each source of wealth that I had assimilated in the tenure of my life; facilitating her to purchase the most exotic things of her very own choice,

Give her each morsel of food that was destined to be masticated by my mouth; granting celestial peace to the famished realms of her thunderously resonating

stomach,

Give her each whistle that emanated from my lips; blessing her existence with unsurpassable euphoria on every step which she ebulliently alighted,

Give her each fantasy that I kept envisaging about even in the heart of the brilliantly blistering day; keeping her spirits escalating towards the sky; till times immemorial,

Give her each beat that passionately palpitated every unfurling instant in my heart; imparting her with the unrelenting ardor to relish life to its most incomprehensible capacity,

Give her each breath that diffused in magnificent unison from my nostrils; engendering her to lead even my quota of destined life,

For although I possessed all the sagacious qualities described above O! Lord; I was still of no use to this colossal world and society; being viciously strangulated every instant by the horrendous lechery of my mind; while angels like her needed forever to

exist; needed forever to be alive .

9. KEEPING HER LOVE

I kept the reinvigorating pints of soda securely in a transparent bottle; tightly clasping the lid with screws of scintillating steel,

I kept the cubes of exotically transparent ice; in the inner most dormitories of the freezing refrigerator; overwhelmingly engulfed by a chilling calm,

I kept the conglomerate of stupendously redolent flowers in a grandiloquent vase; as they wafted their heavenly scent to every cranny of my profusely amicable dwelling,

I kept the battalion of gaudy shirts in cloistered interiors of my bedroom closet; wholesomely sequestered from even the most minuscule trace of alien light,

I kept the festoon of glittering jewels in the invincible realms of the bank locker; ensuring their perpetual safety against the deadliest of invasion,

I kept the bulky wallet in the back pocket of my handsomely jaded trousers; meticulously safe guarding the crisply bundled notes of currency; against

disdainful dirt and storm,

I kept the swanky automobile in the delectably compact garage; shielding it from salaciously ogling eyes and acrimonious beams of sweltering Sunshine,

I kept the germicidal tablet of stringent soap in proximity with the lavatory seat; to wholesomely annihilate even the last bit of stench adhering intransigently to my palms,

I kept scattered sheaf of random papers compiled safely in a cardboard file; ensuring that they appeared in a scrupulously chronological order; whenever the whites of my eye tried to glimpse them,

I kept the obnoxious buts of ash extruding from my cigar in an emerald ashtray; insurmountably seeing to it that the smoke died a ghastly death; there in itself,

I kept the fabulously studded designer belt on the shimmering hook; gliding like a majestic snake; kissing carpets of seductive air as it cascaded down like an angel,

I kept the cartons of appetizing fruit pulp on the sparkling kitchen slab; feasting my eyes profoundly on the bunch; each time I felt even the tiniest pang of hunger reverberate in my stomach,

I kept the sounds of the melodiously chirping cuckoo; impregnably imprisoned in my ears; cherishing the mesmerizing tunes in my mind; in times of unfathomable distress,

I kept the pet rabbits in their amicably warm kennel; sheltering them from the vicious onslaught of wildly frenzied wolves,

I kept the gruesomely orphaned eggs in the compassionately moist nest; for them to blossom into blissful fledglings of vibrant tomorrow,

I kept the mystically enamoring and checkered chessboard close to the lawns; maneuvering the royally embellished pieces while transgressing through a blanket

of glistening dew drops,

I kept the sachet of tangy peppermints in the topmost compartment of my shirt; popping a pill every now and again into my mouth; to impart that reinvigorating

spice to my monotonously treacherous life,

I kept the idol of my sacrosanct mother in my conscience and my mind; leaning upon it in my times of insurmountably escalating tension; times when I was about to embark on any new expedition in life,

And I kept her love always deep inside my heart; bonding my impoverished soul with hers for countless more births; bonding my breath with hers for fathomless more lives to unveil .

10. IF THE HEART EVER HAD A TONGUE

If the broken wall ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about the disdainfully inferior quality of cement used in its construction; that had

fomented it to crumble appallingly towards soil,

If the mercilessly chopped down tree ever had a tongue; then the first thing it uttered; would be about the barbaric humans; who ruthlessly cut it down to illuminate their every superficial night,

If the hazy river waters ever had a tongue; the first thing they uttered; would be about the tyrannically obnoxious industries; which polluted their heavenly persona profusely every unleashing second,

If the orphaned tooth ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about diabolical monsters who had so uncouthly ripped it apart from the cozy realms of its masters mouth,

If the sands of the tumultuously blistering desert ever had a tongue; the first thing they uttered; would be about the horrendous life they were bestowed upon with; without the most minuscule droplet of sparkling water,

If the shattered petal ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about the cowardly satanic way in which the flower shed it; when confronted with the

tiniest wind of storm,

If the pathetically deflated balloon ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about its royally oligarchic times in the sky; the acrimonious bullet which pierced it through its protuberant belly; rendering it sadly into the corpse which it currently

was,

If the overwhelmingly bashed egg ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about the ominously wretched snake which stole it surreptitiously when its mother was fast asleep; splitting apart its nimble body into infinite halves,

If the rusty piece of jewelry ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about its hideously vain mistress; who hurled it to rot in the sinister dungeons; meting out her insurmountable frustration on its impeccable demeanor,

If the disheveled rags of cloth ever had a tongue; the first thing they uttered; would be about the treacherous rioters who grappled them devilishly; disorienting them from their handsomely stoical posture,

If the brutally trampled whisker ever had a tongue; then the first thing it uttered; would be about its majestic times while embedded to the lion's snout; the nonchalant way in which it had fallen on the ground; when the beast was thunderously snoring,

If the bone lying morbidly in the interiors of the obsolete castle ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about the robust body of the prince it once upon a time inhabited; the gory moment when its master breathed his very last; to leave it

decaying even centuries after his death,

If the disastrously melting mountains of ice-cream ever had a tongue; the first thing they uttered; would be about the acerbically dictatorial rays of the Sun which had compelled them to completely loose their identity,

If the dismally corroded mouse-trap ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about how much it abhorred imprisoning filthily stinking mice; how much

it desired to be placed in flamboyantly dazzling sunshine,

If the sleazily colored bundles of cotton ever had a tongue; the first thing they uttered; would be about the unfathomably commercial farmer; plucking them

indiscriminately from their immaculate buds; selling them at a price when infact they were priceless,

If the blanket of grass blades ever had a tongue; the first thing they uttered; would be about the demons transgressing indefatigably on their voluptuous carpet; pulverizing their silken softness with indigenous feet,

If the splattered splinters of glass lying forlorn on the floor ever had a tongue; the first thing they uttered; would be about the pertinently irascible hordes of children; who had made them taste dust; with their obdurate cricket balls,

If the solitarily wandering soul ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about the inexplicable agony it was besieged with; the utter helplessness that it was thoroughly engulfed with; when it simply couldn't help its loved ones in distress,

And if the broken heart ever had a tongue; the first thing it uttered; would be about how much it craved to be loved; how much it craved for that immortal love in

its life once again; which it unfortunately couldn't get .

11. I SALUTE YOU

I salute you for your majestic speech; the authoritative flurry of spell binding words which emanated royally from your mouth,

I salute you for your impeccable stride; the magnanimous poise in your stature that portrayed you irrefutably as the greatest,

I salute you for your astoundingly mesmerizing sight; your uncanny ability to decipher the most inconspicuous of evil loitering ominously in the crowd,

I salute you for your ravishingly rubicund complexion; the ingratiating aura you generated on every piece of soil you voluptuously caressed,

I salute you for your insurmountably stoical passiveness; the unsurpassable equanimity with which you confronted the deadliest of disaster without a ruffle to your whiskers,

I salute you for your unflinching sense of responsibility; the ghastliest of times you had borne; just to see a smile lighten up on the face of your compatriots,

I salute you for your astute acumen of dealing dexterously with the uncouth world; marching relentlessly on your path to undeniable success,

I salute you for your inexorably poignant eyes; the heart rendering empathy you harbored within; for your fellow beings in inexplicably horrendous distress,

I salute you for your incomprehensibly adjusting temperament; the incredulous way in which you slept even on bare brick walls; if the hour so commanded,

I salute you for your stupendously reinvigorating aroma; the blissful waves of sheer ecstasy it spread ubiquitously to every cranny of this planet,

I salute you for your streams of passionately circulating crimson blood; the unfathomable ardor they generated in lifeless souls wandering solitarily around,

I salute you for the vivacious laughter that entrenched your lips; the cloud of benign congeniality it propagated in whomsoever it cast; even an ethereal glimpse,

I salute you for your nose; which smelt only the profoundly good from even amidst a dilapidated pile of horrifically fetid garbage,

I salute you for your bohemian feet; which kept traversing indefatigably to reach their ultimate goal; even in the most acerbic of storm and murderous rain,

I salute you for your incredulously alluring charisma; the mystically enigmatic look in your eyes which attracted the most alien at your doorstep; even from the most obsolete corner of the globe; like a trice of a bullet,

I salute you for your resolutely undeterred determination; the insatiable fervency in your demeanor to stand only by what you felt was right,

I salute you for your tumultuously adventurous zeal; the spirit of conquering the unknown profusely embedded in your brain; placing you an eternal shade above the rest,

I salute you for your tremendously transparent conscience; the sacrosanct feeling of righteousness which lingered around it for centuries immemorial,

And my wholehearted salutations to you O! beloved !! for your ability to uninhibitedly love; your incessant endeavor to make this planet of God once again a

paradise; blessing each molecule of his creation with the greatest wealth you could ever posses; your greatest virtue called "The religion of mankind".

12. FOR EVERY BEAT OF HERS

I wanted to live for each smile of hers; the laughter that uninhibitedly emanated from her throat; that made me feel greater than the God's,

I wanted to live for each tear of hers; the poignant river of empathy which oozed from her mesmerizing eyes; catapulting me into a paradise beyond realms of

mundane earth,

I wanted to live for each word of hers; the majestic sounds that wafted from her mouth when she spoke; propelling me to float in the surreal clouds with the

cadence of her seductive voice,

I wanted to live for each whim of hers; the fastidious festoon of intricacies that enveloped her persona; making me admire her for her profoundly babyish

attitudes,

I wanted to live for each footstep of hers; the stupendously exotic rhythm that drifted as she caressed the soil; making me oblivious to all other sounds that existed in this Universe,

I wanted to live for each finger of hers; the rubicund tinge which encompassed her dainty fists; that fomented me to stare wildly till times beyond eternity,

I wanted to live for each wink of hers; the uncannily enigmatic way in which her eyelashes fluttered flirtatiously; inundating my life with waves of insurmountable ecstasy and the dance of sheer euphoria,

I wanted to live for each dream of hers; the cloudbursts of vivacious fantasy in her eyes as each minute unveiled; which made me blinded to the most brilliantly dazzling Sunlight,

I wanted to live for each passion of hers; the unrelenting ardor that besieged her countenance with as she marched towards triumph; making me rise above the ashes to discover my soul,

I wanted to live for every vein of hers; the tumultuous fervency with which an ocean of scarlet blood flowed through her body; making my conviction in self more fortified than the colossal mountains,

I wanted to live for every shadow of hers; the mystical way in which her contours nictitated with changing shades of light; wrecking the last iota of sleep from my insatiably wandering sight,

I wanted to live for every cry of hers; the insurmountable innocence that reflected profusely in her voice; transiting me way back to the times when I had just tread my first foot on mother earth,

I wanted to live for every yawn of hers; the ravishingly ingratiating aura that encapsulated her visage; which made me collapse like a box of lifeless matchsticks on blankets of cold ground,

I wanted to live for every sigh of hers; the supreme contentment that celestially settled on each pore of her body; which made me relinquish all my volcano of

overwhelming greed in life,

I wanted to live for every dance of hers; the tantalizing way in which she swished her heavenly demeanor in torrential rain; making me exist far beyond my destined quota of years,

I wanted to live for every snore of hers; the delectably immaculate island of fairies which resided in her luscious lips; flooding my life with unsurpassable ebullience and cheer,

I wanted to live for every nod of hers; the irrefutably assertiveness with which she said "no"; augmenting my tenacious determination to face each hurdle of acrimonious life,

I wanted to live for every breath of hers; the Omnipotent grace with which it diffused from her nostrils; instilling in me an invincible power to live,

And over and above all I wanted to live for every beat of hers; the indefatigable number of times her heart palpitated passionately; fortifying my faith in dying

existence; fortifying my faith in dying mankind .

13. THERE WERE TIMES

There were times when the breeze didn't need air to flow; gush in torrential fervor towards the handsome sky,

There were times when the rose didn't need fragrance to blossom; transit into the most unprecedented realms of voluptuous desire,

There were times when the tongue didn't need words to speak; express its emotions as vociferously as a new born child,

There were times when the fish didn't need water to swim; ebulliently bounce and gallivant in the full fervor of existence,

There were times when the lips didn't need a smile to be happy; exult in the grandeur of the mesmerizing beauty; lingering on this Universe all around,

There were times when the eyes didn't have to close to dream; fantasize beyond the boundaries of infinite infinity,

There were times when the church didn't need bells to ring; poignantly express the irrefutably divinely consent of the Almighty lord,

There were times when evening didn't need the Sun to set; metamorphose into overwhelmingly seductive and transient dusk; before the onset of perpetual night,

There were times when the birds didn't need wings tofly; soar astronomically high in vivacious bits of fabulously blue sky,

There were times when the palms didn't need lines to be destined; live the most incredulously wonderful existence that could ever be conceived on this earth,

There were times when the throat didn't need sound to communicate; reach the individual boundless kilometers away in lightening fractions of seconds,

There were times when the body didn't need muscle to fight; conquer the most invincible of heights with the stupendously majestic ease of a crown prince,

There were times when the storm didn't need thunderbolts of white electricity; to incarcerate the soil in its mystically enigmatic swirl,

There were times when the matchstick didn't need flames to burn; escalate the most unsurpassable limits of the cosmos; where no entity had ever tread,

There were times when the diamonds didn't need stringent light to shine; glisten gorgeously to unleash infernos of insatiable passion,

There were times when the veins didn't need blood to survive; trigger insurmountable compassion and an unequalled ardor to lead life,

There were times when the snow didn't need heat to melt; evolve into a spring of profoundly enchanting froth; blessing countless with its heavenly charm,

There were times when the nostrils didn't need air to live; exist beyond the boundaries of inevitably unfurling fate,

And there were times when the heart didn't need a voice to proclaim; dedicate its passionately palpitating flurry of fervent beats to the person it loved; the person it wanted to incarcerate for fathomless more births to come .

14. POWERLESS

Powerful to smile; as I heard something abysmally resonating in ludicrous vicinity,

Powerful to fight; as I confronted the mightiest of disaster with astronomical fortitude and tenacity,

Powerful to sleep; as I snored more thunderously than the demons; resting in overwhelmingly celestial contentment,

Power to admire; as I sighted the mesmerizing puffs of clouds floating passionately in azure sky,

Powerful to sketch; as I masterfully captured the labyrinth of picturesque sights which majestically dotted the fathomless gorge,

Powerful to sing; as I inundated the gloomy atmosphere with everlasting waves of seductively rhapsodic melody,

Powerful to mimic; as I possessed the incomprehensibly fascinating virtue to emulate a boundless myriad of voice,

Powerful to write; as I deluged a mountain of disdainfully barren paper; with exquisite lines of oligarchic literature,

Powerful to fantasize; as I triggered the chords of enigmatic imagination to the most ebulliently unprecedented limits,

Powerful to speak; as I silenced unrelentingly menacing mobs of fanatic people; with the domineering authority in my voice,

Powerful to dance; as I gyrated my body in insatiable agony under profusely milky rays of enchanting moonlight,

Powerful to run; as I galloped like the vivacious panther; through the mystical forests at the unveiling of each ephemeral dawn,

Powerful to flirt; as I had this inexplicable tenacity to incarcerate any alien in the swirl of my indefatigable mischief,

Powerful to dig; as I impregnated a tunnel of vibrantly optimistic hope; in layers of obdurately infidel soil,

Powerful to stare; as I relentlessly looked the sweltering sun without flinching the slightest; for hours immemorial,

Powerful to chew; as I masticated the most resilient morsels of food into handsome bits of pulverized chowder,

Powerful to foresee; as I perspicaciously tackled each aspect of pragmatically monotonous life; measuring each step of mine as I walked,

Powerful to breathe; as I lived each moment of life to its most unbelievable capacity; with the euphoria to perennially discover fervently besieging me,

But powerless to face her; as I wholesomely submitted my humble countenance to the wave of her turbulently swirling love; bonding my heart; body and soul with

the immortal essence of her sacred existence .

15. NO HEART SHOULD EVER MISS

No bird should ever miss the exuberant breeze; the unsurpassable bits of vivacious sky; which triggered it to shrug all inhibitions and perpetually fly,

No panther should ever miss the exotic wilderness of the fathomless jungle; the kingly ambience of the royal den which passionately awaited its oligarchic

personality,

No butterfly should ever miss flamboyant sunlight; those vividly boisterous rays that unveiled its grandiloquent beauty; fomented it to gleefully fun and frolic,

No fish should ever miss the ravishingly swirling sea; the unfathomable depths of emerald water which made them magnificently glide like a prince; till times ahead of eternity,

No cloud in the cosmos should ever miss the torrential fountain of rain; the incomprehensible sea of golden water which tumbled down in ecstatic frenzy; upon

disastrously parched ground,

No mother should ever miss playing with her most cherished child; tossing it amicably in air; after harnessing it with her blood and milk,

No glowworm should ever miss the stupendously alluring night; the voluptuous blanket of blackness that aptly propelled it to emanate its dazzling glow,

No eyelid should ever miss a flirtatious wink; the infinitesimally inconspicuous action which sparked of; a flurry of mischievously animated smiles,

No lip should ever miss an insatiably passionately kiss; the ardent caress which made it float in realms of impregnably fascinating fantasy,

No tortoise should ever miss the sprawling meadow of plush grass; the astoundingly remarkable bliss it was blessed to laze in; along with pecking at a festoon of

innocuous insects wandering carelessly around,

No pen should ever miss to marvelously scribble and write; the insurmountable grandiloquence it imparted to simple words; granting them a stature beyond the

kings,

No fruit should ever miss the tantalizing bedcover of succulent leaves; the boundless network of chocolate brown tendrils which sequestered it from the most turbulent storm and rain,

No serpent should ever miss guarding an unprecedentedly colossal treasury of gold biscuits; protecting perseveringly earned wealth with the power of its irrefutably sacred hood,

No valley should ever miss the ingratiatingly spell binding echo; the enigmatic tunnel of reverberations that diffused thereafter; the captivating tunes which had so much to say,

No mind should ever miss a relentlessly proliferating fantasy; the indefatigably enchanting reverie it placed the body in; to exist even beyond infinite births,

No ear should ever miss the fabulously gorgeous tunes of the nightingale; the overwhelmingly seductive melody in the rhapsodic sound; which made the soul

oblivious to all inexplicable misery and sadness,

No throat should ever miss heavenly mountain water; the divinely liquid that cascaded down gently from the pristine slopes; imparting ultimate contentment to the

viciously struggling conscience,

No nostrils should ever miss compassionately volatile breath; the cloudbursts of rejuvenating air flowing incessantly into the lungs; pioneering fresh traces of

life every unfurling instant,

And no heart should ever miss the immortal river of love; which made just one singular life of tangible existence; equivalent to countless more lifetimes .

16. CANDID IMPRESSION

When I asked the serrated skinned crocodile to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making a gruesomely pulverized shape of my celestial form,

When I asked the clouds in the cosmos to sketch me; all they ended up doing was; making an evanescent image of my countenance; which faded sooner than it had evolved,

When I asked the lecherously silken spider to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making an inconspicuous thread like image; of my huge visage,

When I asked the profusely buried tree roots to sketch me; all they ended up doing was; making an overwhelmingly blotted caricature of my entity; strewn with fathomless tons of dust,

When I asked the hideous vultures in the sky to sketch me; all they ended up doing was; adding a pair of diabolical wings to my body; which made people around

me run for their lives,

When I asked the army of abominable rats to sketch me; all they ended up doing was; making cocoons of fetidly stinking cheese; of my magnanimously philanthropic

facial contours,

When I asked the ominously savage stray dog to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making a deliciously meaty bone of my exorbitantly heavy weight body,

When I asked the vivaciously striped croaking frog to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making a lanky blade of wild grass and blackness; of my robustly sculptured agile framework,

When I asked the infinitesimally diminutive mosquito to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making a squalidly diseased form; of my supremely redolent demeanor,

When I asked the resplendent blanket of stars to sketch me; all they ended up doing was; making a wildly flickering flame; of my emphatically sonorous presence,

When I asked the mammoth plumes of ghastly bellowing smoke to sketch me; all they ended up doing was; making a unbelievably hostile portrait; of my impeccable persona,

When I asked the gigantic elephant to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making an insurmountably opprobrious mushroom; of my majestically domineering form,

When I asked the satanically wading sharks in the ocean to sketch me; all they ended up doing was; making an enigmatic octopus; of my most unsurpassably pragmatic form,

When I asked the melodiously ticking cuckoo clock to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making an incomprehensibly pathetic numeral; of my insatiably

mystical and surreal brain,

When I asked the seed scattered rampantly on soil to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making a magical tree producing more of its kind; of my irrefutably pristine visage,

When I asked the thunderously roaring panther to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making a spuriously blowing whisker; of my boundless conglomerate of authoritative bones,

When I asked the obnoxiously thorny cactus to sketch me; all it ended up doing was; making a gruesomely blistering desert; of my lusciously blossoming body,

When I asked my inimitably sacrosanct mother to sketch me; all she ended up doing was; making an innocuously sleeping child; of my completely grown up form,

But when I asked my divinely immortal beloved to sketch me; she didn't sketch me at all; ripped apart her heart instead; to show me my candid impression; which had been there since centuries unfathomable; and which she was sure would be always there; everytime she took birth as a human again .

17. LADEN

The tree in the pristine forest; was laden with overwhelming quantities of succulent berry and rhapsodic fruit,

The fathomless expanse of barren sky; was laden with an enchanting conglomerate of seductively silken clouds,

The flower extruding from the delectable farm; was laden with bountiful petals; blossoming into a myriad of tantalizingly colorful forms,

The incomprehensibly huge dictionary; was laden with a battalion of exquisite words; explicitly portraying infinite situations of pragmatic life,

The magnificently shimmering egg; was laden with life yielding yolk; which evolved over a period of time into a mesmerizing offspring,

The trajectory of the majestically swirling ocean; was laden with a festoon of voluptuously undulating waves; spraying profusely handsome salt on the rocks as well

as the shores,

The toweringly colossal mountains; were laden with bed sheets of ingratiatingly scintillating ice; cascading into waterfalls of melodious froth as the Sun flamed

to its full shine,

The boisterously swarming beehive; was laden with golden honey; dribbling in splendid harmony towards chocolate brown territories of soil,

The grandiloquently striped flamingoes perched on the river banks; were laden with a sheath of fabulously satin feathers; propelling them to soar like a pompous

prince in the sky,

The flamboyantly escalating fire; was laden with a flurry of poignant flames; which profoundly illuminated the morbidly dreary and starless night,

The incredulously oligarchic castle; was laden with scores of intricately alluring furniture; an extravagantly jeweled throne on which sat the crown king,

The framework of articulately dexterous bones; was laden with rubicund layers of flesh; granting it thereby the formidable tenacity to surge forward in unprecedented exuberance,

The valiant landscape of the pugnacious battlefield; was laden with innumerable soldiers; ready to sacrifice their life any instant for the sake of their revered motherland,

The boundlessly glistening blackboard; was laden synchronized lines of raw chalk; portraying vital points of survival to earnestly learning students,

The robust periphery of tongue; was laden with gallons of euphoric saliva; instilling in it tangy traces of exotic taste,

The fathomless land of the desert; was laden with infinite tons of stupendously sparkling sand,

The flamboyantly vivacious calendar; was laden with an armory of months and dates; candidly divulging the extraordinary rapid unveiling of time,

The dome sculptured crystalline scalp; was laden with silken curls of voluptuous hair; which imparted a compassionate cushioning against repugnantly vindictive blows,

The profoundly impregnable conscience; was laden with optimistically enlightening ideals; that provided astronomical tenacity to the persona to ecstatically

plunge forward in life,

And the passionately palpitating heart; was laden with invincible love; which kept proliferating towards the sky as the seconds unfurled; kept getting more and

more fortified with each stroke of palpable existence .

18. LOVE; LOVE AND SIMPLY LOVE

I couldn't talk non stop; for after a while; the chords of my intricate throat started to hurt; and a gruesome hoarseness besieged my persona,

I couldn't walk non stop; for after a while; the soles of my feet started to ache; and the conglomerate of dreary bones in my body demanded celestial rest,

I couldn't write non stop; for after a while; my fingers swelled like a plump tomato; and the disdainful sweat on my palms started to drip obnoxiously on barren sheets of white paper,

I couldn't stare non stop; for after a while; my voluptuously soft cushion of lids fell down with a sigh; and the whites of my eye were desperate to get rid of the tumultuous stinging,

I couldn't eat non stop; for after a while; the tunnels of my stomach threatened to puke; and the buds of my tongue abhorrently repulsed the most exotic of taste,

I couldn't dance non stop; for after a while; the fantasy in my mind wholesomely subsided; and I inevitably collapsed on soil for my nocturnal slumber under the resplendent stars,

I couldn't plough non stop; for after a while; the acrimonious rays of the Sun stabbed me like a billion needles; and the gallons of golden sweat which dribbled; made me loose holistic degrees of control,

I couldn't swim non stop; for after a while; the tenacity in my arms seemed to be diminishing; and the fathomless expanse of waters made me return back to the heavenly shores,

I couldn't party non stop; for after a while; the pretentious smoke of cigar took its toll on my natural nerves; and the sonorously manipulative style of talking; assassinated all my raw exuberance in its premature buds,

I couldn't study non stop; for after a while; beads of exasperation began to entrench me from all sides; and life became nothing but a series of disastrously monotonous equations to confront,

I couldn't sing non stop; for after a while; all tunes existing seemed to be puncturing me like fulminating volcano's; and I lost complete identity of my very own voice,

I couldn't dream non stop; for after a while; the pragmatic realities of life started to pinch me overwhelmingly; and the penurious conditions which currently engulfed me; obstructed me in my path of transforming all my perceptions into a perpetual

reality,

I couldn't fight non stop; for after a while; realization dawned upon me that it was all baseless; and I needed to contribute something towards deteriorating mankind,

I couldn't sleep non stop; for after a while; I felt the blistering mid day sunshine filtering unbearably through my eyes; and the framework of my countenance

became restless to be on the move,

I couldn't drive non stop; for after a while; the world outside became an incessantly revolving whiz; and I frantically wanted to trespass at normal speeds once again,

I couldn't rule non stop; for after a while; I felt as if I was completely losing my indigenous identity; and the voice of my conscience commanded me to rest

blissfully in the lap of my revered mother,

I couldn't focus non stop; for after a while; the insurmountably restless urges in my soul got the better of me; and I found myself pondering on everything else; other than what I was supposed to concentrate,

I couldn't play non stop; for after a while; the will to majestically survive made me march dynamically towards the summit; slither with uninhibited passion; to achieve all my goals in life,

I couldn't hate non stop; for after a while; the inexorably omnipotent voice of my mind condemned me for my cowardly behavior; and the blood circulating in

my veins fomented me to embrace my fellow mates in pain,

I couldn't lie non stop; for after a while; an astronomically ardent desire to disentangle myself from this web of lechery; and my tongue candidly conveyed its explicit set of ideals,

But there was only one virtue which I could do non stop; and which not only I; but every entity with a throbbing heart has been doing since centuries immemorial; a virtue which even the greatest of God's have bowed down too; a virtue which has its immoral essence dissipated in every nook and cranny of this boundless planet; O! yes I feel the richest man on this earth to proclaim it as LOVE; LOVE AND SIMPLY LOVE .

19. I PREFERRED TO CALL

I preferred to call smoke; ONLY SMOKE; as it was disdainfully dirty and horrendously polluted the serene carpets of atmosphere,

I preferred to call the stone ONLY STONE; as it was bereft of the slightest of empathy; stared in morbid silence for hours immemorial towards the blanket of

stars,

I preferred to call the pig ONLY PIG; as it prolifically disseminated and perpetuated filth in every mesmerizing path it transgressed,

I preferred to call the knife ONLY KNIFE; as it harbored the virtue of indiscriminate blood; ghastily ripped through innocent flesh at diabolical will,

I preferred to call a chunk of obnoxious sewage ONLY SEWAGE; as it punctuated the rhapsodic air with an unfathomably repulsive perfume,

I preferred to call a tornado ONLY TORNADO; as it mercilessly annihilated the most minuscule trace of life existing on this planet,

I preferred to call an earthquake ONLY EARTHQUAKE; as it gobbled up immaculate entities in the swirl of its viciously reverberating tremors,

I preferred to call an avalanche ONLY AVALANCHE; as it impregnated an inexplicable wave of deathly chill in all those tangible scattered around; treacherously

engulfed heavenly children in cloudbursts of satanic snow,

I preferred to call the thorn ONLY THORN; as it invidiously pierced unsuspecting skin; propelled a flurry of hysterical tears to dribble down the cheeks,

I preferred to call the footprint ONLY FOOTPRINT; as it triggered in me an inexorable nostalgia for the past; faded into obsolete wisps of nothingness with

the tiniest draught of wind,

I preferred to call the frown ONLY FROWN; as it embodied a cloud of pathetic gloom in blissful entities seated around; dreadfully disrupted the harmony of God's divinely creation,

I preferred to call vulture ONLY VULTURE; as it insidiously plucked the flesh of my revered compatriots who had celestially relinquished breath to depart for their heavenly abode,

I preferred to call the dustbin ONLY DUSTBIN; as it profusely fostered overwhelmingly crumpled fragments; which decimated traces of exuberant energy,

I preferred to call the dungeon ONLY DUNGEON; as it ruthlessly abdicated all forms of vivaciously blistering sunlight; rotting in perennial darkness; bringing euphoric man closer to his grave,

I preferred to call bombastic slang ONLY SLANG; as it hideously overpowered the rustically holistic rudiments of an individual; made him wholesomely oblivious to even the place where he was born,

I preferred to call poison ONLY POISON; as it snapped the fangs of precious existence; with its lethally abominable venom,

I preferred to call the devil ONLY DEVIL; as he dared the audacity to raise his savagely senseless head in front of my Omnipresent Creator,

But I preferred to call my Mother; as Mom; Mamma; Mummy; Mommy; Ma and an infinite other names from the repertoire of God; as she was the entity who had given

me birth to witness and relish this fabulous world,

And I preferred to call my Beloved; as sweetheart; darling; revered wife; dreamgirl; poetry; and an infinite other names in the treasury of Almighty Lord; as she was the very reason that I was breathing life this very moment; infact would continue to live even if the planet failed to be born again .

20. BRINGING A SMILE ON YOUR FACE

The doctor brought a smile on your face; by his flurry of boisterously potent medicines,

The magician brought a smile on your face; by his fathomless myriad of stupendously enchanting tricks,

The clouds brought a smile on your face; by showering upon your impeccable persona; with glistening globules of euphoric rain,

The farmer brought a smile on your face; by sharing with you a festoon of majestically sparkling rubicund fruit,

The grandiloquent pen brought a smile on your face; by embossing boundless lines of exquisite calligraphy on sheets of your treacherously barren exam paper,

The birds brought a smile on your face; by soaring vivaciously amidst exuberantly blue bits of silver sky,

The waves brought a smile on your face; by dissipating into a cloudburst of poignantly tangy forth; clashing against the chain of cold blooded rocks in

overwhelmingly rhapsodic frenzy,

The Sun brought a smile on your face; by playing hide and seek with your immaculately fluttering eyelashes; striking your innocuous eyeballs with its marvelously dazzling light,

The nightingale brought a smile on your face; by its ingratiatingly captivating voice; filtering a path of irrefutable melody in the vicinity of your intricate ears,

The pilot brought a smile on your face; by transporting you through the blissfully ecstatic clouds; with profusely pearly rays of the moon now at whisker lengths from your countenance,

The cow brought a smile on your face; by impregnating your demeanor with astronomical spurts of invincible fortification,

The lotus brought a smile on your face; by dissipating its incredulously rejuvenating fragrance to every corner of your thoroughly flabbergasted bones,

The watchman brought a smile to your face; by guarding you like an unconquerable fortress; while you snored in the realms of mesmerizing fantasy all night,

The bee brought a smile to your face; by inundating your palms with unfathomably gorgeous streams of ebullient honey,

The horse brought a smile to your face; by embarking you upon your exhilarating expedition; of the supremely verdant and enigmatic countryside,

The appetizing morsels of steaming broth brought a smile on your face; by wholesomely placating pangs of hunger fulminating more abnormally than the volcano; every second in your stomach,

The pair of voluptuously seductive lips brought a smile on your face; by igniting infernos of insatiable desire in your body; as they brushed across your chest,

The mother brought a smile on your face; by giving you birth and the tenacity to unflinchingly confront the most diabolical aspect of tyrannical existence,

The Almighty Lord brought a smile on your face; by granting you a right to celestially survive as one of his infinite molecules,

And the Beloved brought a smile on your face; by her irrefutably sacred virtue of immortal love; that kept you always smiling for countless more births even after your death .

21. NO COMBATS

In order to combat the arrow of abhorrently maiming prejudice; I used the wave of bountifully compassionate and beautifully celestial; companionship,

In order to combat the arrow of baselessly dastardly fear; I used the mountains of unsurpassably fearless and peerlessly unblemished; courage,

In order to combat the arrow of libidinously penalizing raunchiness; I used the scent of righteously scintillating and divinely benign; humanity,

In order to combat the arrow of venomously acrid manipulation; I used the sword of exuberantly unflinching and altruistically blistering; patriotism,

In order to combat the arrow of lasciviously terrorizing drought; I used the cloud of inimitably crimson and gregariously perennial; rain,

In order to combat the arrow of fecklessly frigid depression; I used the sea of rhapsodically untamed and fragrantly effervescent; happiness,

In order to combat the arrow of turgidly brutal monotony; I used the sky of fathomlessly ingratiating and timelessly triumphant; freedom,

In order to combat the arrow of egregiously fetid laziness; I used the mist of spell bindingly exhilarating and blessedly proliferating; newness,

In order to combat the arrow of irrationally indiscriminating greed; I used the mantra of eternally fantastic and benevolently tranquil; selflessness,

In order to combat the arrow of hedonistically salacious slavery; I used the rainbow of vivaciously victorious and irrefutably unassailable; freedom,

In order to combat the arrow of deliriously diabolical insanity; I used the inferno of harmoniously seductive and perpetually symbiotic; mankind,

In order to combat the arrow of lackadaisically directionless dereliction; I used the Sun of timelessly ticking and everlastingly blazing; truth,

In order to combat the arrow of torturously tormenting chauvinism; I used the meadows of holistically placating and impregnably priceless; simplicity,

In order to combat the arrow of vindictively fretful debauchery; I used the tunes of uninhibitedly embracing and ubiquitously uniting; poetry,

In order to combat the arrow of bizarrely estranged commercialism; I used the panacea of vividly efficacious and invincibly bonding; brotherhood,

In order to combat the arrow of treacherously asphyxiating boredom; I used the cisterns of fantastically fantasizing and tantalizingly silken; sensuousness,

In order to combat the arrow of invidiously incarcerating betrayal; I used the tonic of

irretrievably unending and tirelessly unfettered; faith,

In order to combat the arrow of poisonously pernicious death; I used the carpet of surreally enigmatic and bounteously heavenly; life,

But in order to combat the arrow of immortally unshakable love; I didn't use; not did I ever wanted to use even the most infinitesimal of defense; as I let it wholeheartedly pierce the corridors of my penuriously slavering heart; let it liberate me forever and ever and ever; from the tensions of greedy life; from the aftermaths of ghastly death .

22. HAD ROOM FOR NONE ELSE

Even if the entire world disdainfully shrugged you; dismissing you as a piece of inconspicuously threadbare shit,

Even if the entire world lecherously whipped you; mercilessly hurtling you in a dungeon of ominous scorpions for ostensibly no fault of yours,

Even if the entire world impugned you of being bawdily adulterated; although your soul was as pristine as the godly mother's milk,

Even if the entire world indefatigably jeered at you; for solely following the voices of your immaculate conscience,

The beats of my heart still throbbed more passionately for you even as the whole planet outside cruelly lambasted and castigated; and the corridors of my

impoverished life had room for no other organism on earth but you; you and only you O! Eternal beloved .

1 .

Even if the entire world hedonistically spat on your sparkling honesty; ghoulishly yearning to jinx every righteous step that you tread,

Even if the entire world fretfully blinded your immaculate integrity; with corpses of acrimoniously pugnacious manipulation,

Even if the entire world salaciously molested every trace of your sacrosanct shadow; relentlessly trying to metamorphose all your insatiable jubilation into a wisp of infidel nothingness,

Even if the entire world invidiously obfuscated your path to philanthropism; wanting you to perilously coalesce with the mortuary of delinquent politics instead,

The beats of my heart throbbed more passionately for you even as the whole planet outside satanically cursed and wailed; and the corridors of my truncated life had room for no other organism on earth but you; you and only you O! Priceless beloved .

2 .

Even if the entire world incessantly shrugged at you in bizarre skepticism; impugning you of the most cannibalistic crimes; which you had never ever dreamt or committed,

Even if the entire world treated you as a diminutively feckless dustbin; giving you only lackadaisical stone to eat; while they profusely bathed in waterfalls of crimson wine,

Even if the entire world heinously hissed at your innocuous dwelling; making each unfurling instant of your existence; more venomously diabolical than the scorpion sting,

Even if the entire world horrendously slashed your stupendously mellifluous voice; with parasitically blood-stained chains of delirious immorality,

The beats of my heart throbbed more passionately for you even as the whole planet outside baselessly crucified and burnt; and the corridors of my destined life had room for no other organism on earth but you; you and only you O! Omnipotent beloved .

3 .

Even if the entire world barbarously torched you to the last bone of your spine; meting out their dastardly graveyards of frustration; upon your innocently shimmering skin,

Even if the entire world mordantly toyed with your river of uninhibitedly spell bidning emotions; maliciously exploiting your irrevocable honesty; to construct the foundations of their hideous cowardliness,

Even if the entire world ghastily tormented you beyond the thresholds of sagacious sanity; overshadowing the wave of your blazing patriotism with opprobrious

retribution,

Even if the entire world lethally adulterated every aspect of your brilliantly beautiful life; incarcerating you like a miserably chained puppet; in the dungeons of disparaging depravation,

The beats of my heart throbbed more passionately for you even as the whole planet outside sadistically tyrannized and mutiliated; and the corridors of my minuscule life had room for no other organism on earth but you; you and only you O! Immortal beloved .

23. LICENSE TO LOVE

It was none other than the stupendously enamoring and timeless fragrance of

the crimson roses; that beautifully gave me the license to uninhibitedly smell,

It was none other than the enchantingly gregarious and celestial festoon of

bountiful clouds; that exuberantly gave me the license to uninhibitedly fly,

It was none other than the flirtatiously tantalizing and insatiably seductive mountain tip; that euphorically gave me the license to uninhibitedly fantasize,

It was none other than the rhapsodically undulating and enigmatically leaping ocean; that resplendently gave me the license to uninhibitedly adventure,

It was none other than the melodiously chirping and enchantingly voluptuous

nightingales; that beautifully gave me the license to uninhibitedly romanticize,

It was none other than the unflinchingly blazing and Omnipotently golden Sun; that limitlessly gave me the license to uninhibitedly triumph,

It was none other than the uncannily vibrant and blissfully tranquil forest; that unrestrictedly gave me the license to uninhibitedly dance,

It was none other than the magnetically alluring and unfathomably titillating seductress; that gave me the license to uninhibitedly enchant,

It was none other than the impeccably milky and fathomlessly iridescent Moon; that fascinatingly gave me the license to uninhibitedly sleep,

It was none other than the indomitably heavenly and sacrosanct Mother; that

perennially gave me the license to uninhibitedly frolic,

It was none other than the patriotically undaunted and intrepidly righteous

soldier; that altruistically gave me the license to uninhibitedly blaze,

It was none other than the majestically parading and fearlessly Galloping

lion; that impregnably gave me the license to uninhibitedly express,

It was none other than the convivially twinkling and mischievously sensuous

star; that fantastically gave me the license to uninhibitedly enlighten,

It was none other than the artistically extraordinary and spellbindingly

mollifying cradle; that unimaginably gave me the license to uninhibitedly

reminisce,

It was none other than the brilliantly emulating and immaculately ingenious

chimpanzee; that wonderfully gave me the license to uninhibitedly innovate,

It was none other than the panoramically Omniscient and endlessly proliferating chapter of life; that divinely gave me the license to uninhibitedly discover,

It was none other than the irrefutably righteous and unassailably spotless

conscience; that aristocratically gave me the license to uninhibitedly consecrate,

It was none other than the poetically charismatic and unshakably unstoppable

breath; that perpetually gave me the license to uninhibitedly live,

And it was none other than the passionately thundering and effulgently rhythmic heart; that immortally gave me the license to uninhibitedly love .

24. AT LEAST ONCE

It really doesn't matter whether you dressed up like a majestically unconquerable prince an infinite number of times; or whether you indolently wandered into the

aisles of fecklessness without the most infinitesimal of fabric to drape your trembling form,

It really doesn't matter whether you digested the most scrumptiously tantalizing meals an infinite number of times; or whether you torturously emaciated every single of your intestine; till the last iota of breath that you exhaled,

It really doesn't matter whether you indefatigably sailed in the most swankiest of aircrafts an infinite number of times; or whether you preposterously slithered on obdurately cold-blooded ground; pathetically decaying every day of your existence like a frigidly orphaned leaf,

It really doesn't matter whether you insatiably fantasized about the fathomlessly unending beauty of this Universe an infinite number of times; or whether

you deliriously stared into a corpse of jinxed baselessness for centuries immemorial,

It really doesn't matter whether you uninhibitedly danced in the heart of the vivaciously moonlit night an infinite number of times; or whether you withered

like an infidel piece of insipid chalk at the most diminutive draught of wind,

It really doesn't matter whether you philanthropically smiled at your every comrade who came your way an infinite number of times; or whether you despicably

fretted and fumed in your cocoon of insanely mundane commercialism,

It really doesn't matter whether you restlessly innovated a valley of unsurpassable freshness an infinite number of times; or whether you decrepitly stagnated in the dungeons of hedonistically prejudiced malice,

It really doesn't matter whether you supremely embellished every cranny of your persona with an unfathomable ocean of pearls an infinite number of times; or whether you bathed in disdainful cowdung curry as the minutes painstakingly unveiled by,

It really doesn't matter whether you enchantingly sang till endless eternity for an infinite number of times; or whether you discordantly croaked in the graveyards

of ignominiously rebuking oblivion for ostensibly no reason or rhyme,

It really doesn't matter whether you forever stood first in even the most evanescent of tasks that you attempted an infinite number of times; or whether you

disastrously stuttered to nimbly amble a single step,

It really doesn't matter whether you astoundingly nurtured every aspect of your life to irrevocably inimitable perfection an infinite number of times; or whether you callously pillaged and blundered on even the most easiest of lanes that greeted you in your way,

It really doesn't matter whether you made patriotically blazing victory your daily cup of reinvigorating morning tea an infinite number of times; or whether you collapse like a pack of incongruously livid pancakes; morbidly within the realms of your sleep,

It really doesn't matter whether you indefatigably chased newer dimensions of prosperity an infinite number of times; or whether you dastardly discarded every moment of your survival; aimlessly admiring the delinquently irascible ants,

It really doesn't matter whether you philandered amongst the highest echelon of society an infinite number of times; or whether you lackadaisically shriveled in the dungeons of purposelessly solitary oblivion,

It really doesn't matter whether you celestially snored under the rhapsodically voluptuous quilts an infinite number of times; or whether you haplessly salivated on the dusty streets; with the salacious begging bowl outstretched from your unruly bohemian palms,

It really doesn't matter whether you compassionately garnered International acclaim and cynosure of the highest degree an infinite number of times; or whether you insidiously retreated in your shattered cocoon at the tiniest ray of alien light,

It really doesn't matter whether you spawned into a rainbow of invincible versatility an infinite number of times; or whether you lead every unraveling second of your life; like a penuriously middle-class man,

And it really doesn't matter whether you joyously executed an infinite number of things in the odyssey of your enigmatic life for an infinite number times or whether you nonchalantly discarded your every hour into the mortuaries of barren nothingness,

But it is my humble plea to one and all of you on this colossal Universe alike; that do unassailably dedicate every passionate beat of your heart to the person you love at least once in your life; do definitely fall and gloriously fructify into the branches of immortal love; at least once in your entire lifetime .

25. MR. AND MRS. OMNIPOTENT LOVE

When Miss Voluptuously Enchanting Rain met Mr. Spell Bindingly Effulgent Earth; they insuperably became; Mr. & Mrs. Eternal fructifying Prosperity,

When Miss Boisterously Frolicking Bumble Bee met Mr. Unbelievably Fragrant Louts; they perpetually became; Mr. & Mrs. Eternally Sparkling Vivaciousness,

When Miss Ingratiatingly Royal Sensitivity met Mr. Uninhibitedly Fulminating Freedom; they impregnably became, Mr. & Mrs. Unflinchingly Unbelievable

Patriotism,

When Miss Exhilaratingly Timeless Fantasy met Mr. Unsurpassably Eternal Seduction; they perennially became; Mr. & Mrs. Tantalizingly Effulgent

Proliferation,

When Miss Charismatically Symbiotic Smiles met Mr. Effeminately Poignant Valley; they unassailably became; Mr. & Mrs. Ubiquitously Unparalleled Artistry,

When Miss Intimately Convivial Sweetness met Mr. Holistically Symbiotic Wind; they unshakably became; Mr. & Mrs. Regally Priceless Mankind,

When Miss Ferociously Austere Anger met Mr. Profusely Unlimited Honey; they timelessly became; Mr. & Mrs. Eclectically Vivid Tanginess,

When Miss Enthrallingly Pristine Blackness met Mr. Flamboyantly Flaming Sun; they tirelessly became; Mr. & Mrs. Exuberantly Mollifying Evening,

When Miss Marvelously Insatiable Compassion met Mr. Fearlessly Altruistic Fortitude; they irrevocably became; Mr. & Mrs. Everlastingly Unblemished Unity,

When Miss Surreptitiously Philandering Mist met Mr. Bewitchingly Esoteric Adventurer; they indomitably became; Mr. & Mrs. Fathomlessly Stupefying Enigma,

When Miss Unrestrictedly Expressive Tigress met Mr. Phlegmatically Reticent Air; they unstoppably became; Mr. & Mrs. Celestially Pleasant Atmosphere,

When Miss Aristocratically Ingenious Rainbow met Mr. Artistically Fantastic Poetry; they harmoniously became; Mr. & Mrs. Unrelentingly Exotic Adventure,

When Miss Inexorably Profound Concentration met Mr. Limitlessly Luminiscent Dedication; they exultatingly became; Mr. & Mrs. Inimitably Ecstatic Victory,

When Miss Resplendently Discovering Freedom met Mr. Dazzlingly Unconquerable Truth; they unceasingly became; Mr. & Mrs. Supremely Enamoring Paradise,

When Miss Astoundingly Ingenious Punctuality met Mr. Incomprehensibly state-of-the-art Precision; they infallibly became; Mr. & Mrs. Gloriously Unassailable Picture-Perfect,

When Miss Panoramically Virgin Beauty met Mr. Mellifluously Priceless Rudiments; they invincibly became; Mr & Mrs. Sensuously Heavenly Mother-Nature,

When Miss Fascinatingly Relentless Dreamer met Mr. Gregariously Synergistic Philosopher; they inevitably became; Mr. & Mrs. Unbreakably Unlimited Friend,

When Miss Vibrantly Untamed Breath met Mr. Passionately Vivid Enthusiasm; they unrestrictedly became; Mr. & Mrs. Sacredly Blessing Life,

And when Miss Divinely Thundering Heart met Mr. Unimaginably Burgeoning Freshness; they immortally became; Mr. & Mrs. Endlessly Omnipotent Love .

26. UNCEASINGLY SIZELESS

Every foot on this wonderfully colossal Universe had a specific size; some as large as the untamed bohemian giants; while some as small as intricately delectable mushroom sprouts,

Every hand on this insatiably resplendent Universe had a specific size; some as large as boundlessly rustic tree-trunks; while some as small as exotically petite ice-candy cones,

Every waist on this beautifully bountiful Universe had a specific size; some as large as haplessly sailing parachutes in fathomlessly azure sky; while some as small as an infinitesimally infidel ant's nest,

Every lip on this wonderfully timeless Universe had a specific size; some as large as replenishing coconut shells; while some as small as cherries ripped apart into a zillion pieces,

Every finger on this gigantically iridescent Universe had a specific size; some as large as brilliantly towering mountain peaks; while some as small as an orphaned globule of evanescent water,

Every ear on this timelessly endowing Universe had a specific size; some as large as an uninhibitedly flapping banana leaf; while some as small as the stray cat's soggily curled whisker,

Every neck on this limitlessly luminescent Universe had a specific size; some as large as uncontrollably galloping Kangaroo; while some as small as the miserably decrepit pebble on the street,

Every head on this tirelessly triumphant Universe had a specific size; some as large as dinosaurs unblemished egg; while some as small as the boisterously buzzing bumble bee,

Every tooth on this exuberantly victorious Universe had a specific size; some as large as jagged caves of compassionate snow; while some as small as the

fascinatingly broken pencil tip,

Every eyeball on this exotically effulgent Universe had a specific size; some as large as fields of rampantly sprawling corn; while some as small as pinches of diminutively disappearing salt,

Every wrist on this majestically mitigating Universe had a specific size; some as large as King's patriotic army; while some as small as the caterpillar shivering inexplicably inside his shell,

Every bone on this unbelievably rhapsodic Universe had a specific size; some as large as the inscrutably undulating sea-wave; while some as small as the parsimoniously pulverized shells on the estranged shores,

Every nose on this harmoniously fructifying Universe had a specific size; some as large as the ultimate pine tree tip; while some as small as the disdainful worm slithering haplessly on cold ground,

Every personality on this gregariously opalescent Universe had a specific size; some as large as the fathomlessly sparkling sky; while some as small as the truculently battered and cacophonically wailing beggar's bowl,

Every hair on this altruistically undaunted Universe had a specific size; some as large as the waterfall of immeasurable silk; while some as small as the mercurial dot of white in the moonless night,

Every tongue on this convivially eclectic Universe had a specific size; some as large as the profoundly full blossomed plumage of the enamoring peacock; while some

as small as the ethereally alluring and inconspicuously incongruous dewdrop,

Every shadow on this unlimitedly blessing Universe had a specific size; some as large as the backdrop of Mount Everest; while some as small as the passage of trapped air within the lackluster keyhole,

Every dream on this perpetually divine Universe had a specific size; some as large as the unrelenting whirlpool of freshly born desire; while some as small as the crow's obnoxiously abstemious and unsavory feather,

But every heart on this invincibly Immortal Universe was unceasingly sizeless; selflessly radiating symbiotically passionate rivers of love; till times even after life on the planet had stopped to be; and forever and ever and ever .

27. LOVE - A PERPETUAL POISON

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a valley of unendingly rhapsodic freshness,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as an enamoringly miraculous prince; of symbiotically fragrant togetherness,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as an impregnable civilization of propitious beauty and unfathomably unceasing charisma,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a radiantly bounteous garden of; limitlessly altruistic scent,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a vivaciously euphoric rainbow; of unconquerable timelessness,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as an eternal fairy of divine graciousness; ardently embracing one and all; redolently alike,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a rapaciously untamed inferno of unparalleled sensuousness; profoundly enlightening every cranny of your despairingly macabre life,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a cloud of vibrantly inebriating desire; ubiquitously showering the blessings of philanthropic mankind; till even beyond you abnegated your last breath,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as thunderbolts of unsurpassable excitement; with the untamed ecstasy to discover lingering profusely in the whites of your impeccable eyes,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a mist of endlessly silken yearning; fervently blending you with winds of uncontrollably exuberant triumph,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as an insurmountably tantalizing seductress; unraveling a sky of fathomless enchantment; on every step that you tread,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as the epitome of gloriously unfettered prosperity; and for a countless more rhapsodically unconquerable lifetimes,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as the ultimate darling of all tribes; with the magic of effulgent harmony; coalescing you forever and ever and ever with every holistic ingredient of the atmosphere,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as an insuperably majestic harbinger of priceless truth and humanity; to unite every speck of disgruntled hatred with the knots of unflinching solidarity,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a poignantly undulating sea of exhilarating adventure; a benevolent fantasy that unstoppably culminates into dewdrops of unrestricted sensuality,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as the most charismatically favorite molecule of Omnipotent Lord Almighty; the most prized possession next to the sacred toe of his ever-pervading feet,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills al right; but only to reborn you once again; as an undefeated Sun of optimistically blazing hope; in the corridor of every despairingly shattered and traumatic life,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a boundless Universe of everlasting proliferation; the magically untainted tenacity to evolve infinite more of your own synergistic kind,

Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a selflessly immortal soldier; timelessly mitigating your venerated motherland; from the clutches of salaciously incarcerating prejudice,

And Love is a perpetual poison that kills all right; but only to reborn you once again; as a breath of blessedly fantastic life; such a fearlessly invincible existence that not even the most diminutive of devil on this entire Universe; could ever dream to

destroy or devilishly dismantle .

28. FOREVER AND ONLY YOURS

One minute I may be perched well above the blazing island of Omnipotent Sun; while the very next instant I may find myself slavering penuriously on dead soil,

One minute I may be rhapsodically adventuring in a valley of exuberantly burgeoning flowers; while the very next instant I may find myself brutally incarcerated in chains of ghoulishly abhorrent prejudice,

One minute I may be floating in the aisles of desire like a majestically uncrowned prince; while the very next instant I may find myself buried amidst inconspicuously infidel and vicious garbage trash,

One minute I may be royally consecrated for my artistic accomplishments; while the very next instant I may find myself being satanically kicked; by unceremoniously dastardly parasites,

One minute I may be ingeniously contriving plans to blissfully change the complexion of all flagrantly estranged mankind; while the very next instant I might

find myself trembling naked; under unsparing avalanches of frigidly cold-blooded ice,

One minute I may be articulately channelizing congenitally brilliant talent on the trajectory of this fathomless Universe; while the very next instant I might find myself hopelessly staggering in graveyards of defeat; at a profound loss of words to express even my own name,

One minute I may be bountifully garnering all enchanting cynosure that lay on this boundless planet; while the very next instant I might find myself in vindictive clutches of depravation and dereliction; asphyxiating the breath out of me for times

immemorial,

One minute I may be prolifically penning down countless lines of exotically triumphant poetry; while the very next instant I might find myself slithering

beside the venomously delirious scorpions,

One minute I may be embracing the winds of vividly euphoric timelessness; while the very next instant I might find myself imprisoned by unfathomable coffins of darkness and miserable solitude,

One minute I may be handsomely liberating myself of all agony on the wings of unstoppably enamoring sensuousness; while the very next instant I might find

myself preposterously swallowing blood stained thorns; as my only lunch and indigent breakfast,

One minute I may be swirling like a whirlwind of unflinchingly inimitable success; while the very next instant I might find myself in shambles of egregiously derogatory nervousness; hardly able to alight a singleton foot from cold ground,

One minute I may be uninhibitedly dancing under the magically venerated milk of resplendent moonlight; while the very next instant I might find myself; uncouthly slitting my veins in intolerably devastating desperation,

One minute I may be innocuously cavorting with nubile maidens of my choice on the ingratiatingly rain soaked hills; while the very next instant I might find myself begging on the discordantly rambunctious streets; with the skeleton of my impoverished form being attacked by hedonistically unscrupulous termites,

One minute I may be unrelentingly fantasizing beneath the regally opulent delights of my compassionate quilt; while the very next instant I might find myself mordantly chained next to the stray dog's collar; for not coagulating with my employer's whims and insane delights,

One minute I may be weighed in gargantuan mountains of aristocratically glistening gold and silver; while the very next instant I might find myself sinking deeper

and deeper into the coffins of quaintly obsolete and horrifically decaying nothingness,

One minute I may be outclassing every other organism on this gigantic Universe with the enlightening dynamism in my countenance; while the very next instant I might find myself frenetically struggling for breath; like an infinitesimal mosquito in the

mouth of the diabolical shark,

One minute I may be blossoming as a harbinger of ubiquitous solidarity and humanity; while the verynext instant I might find myself profanely plagiarized

and attacked by the devil for ostensibly no fault of mine; nor reason nor rhyme,

One minute I may be undauntedly soaring in miraculously Omnipotent clouds; while the very next instant I might find myself being grotesquely manipulated like a lame puppet; in the hands of blood-sucking politicians and forlorn malice,

One minute I may be spawning into an inscrutably fructifying forest of invincibly glorious life; while the very next instant I might find myself bizarrely depleted of every single layer of oxygen in my lungs; ardently wanting nothing else but the signature of ghastly death,

O! Yes; Life is a tumultuously arcane odyssey; and I really don't know where its going to take me; in what form was I going to unfurl every cascading minute of my survival; and what lay exactly forward for me in my destiny,

But this is my eternal promise to you O! Immortal Beloved; that wherever I am; in whatever shape the Lord wanted me to exist; my compassion will forever

continue to throb in your priceless heart; our spirits shall forever be one even infinite births after I cease to physically exist; AND MY LOVE WAS; IS AND

WILL FOREVER REMAIN YOURS; YOURS; AND ONLY YOURS .

29. WHOLESOMELY EMPTYING

When you wholesomely emptied the rhapsodically fathomless sky; all that blissfully poured out was nothing else; but an unfathomable galaxy of panoramic beauty and everlastingly Omnipotent enchantment,

When you wholesomely emptied the ravishingly undulating ocean; all that euphorically gushed out was nothing else; but a fabulously tangy gorge of

poignantly exhilarating salt,

When you wholesomely emptied the ignominiously fetid gutter; all that scurrilously hurtled out was nothing else; but a vapidly morbid mortuary of sewage and

preposterously cadaverous stink,

When you wholesomely emptied the mellifluously blossoming lotus; all that pristinely disseminated out was nothing else; but an invincibly celestial meadow of inimitably unparalleled scent,

When you wholesomely emptied the ghoulishly invidious corpse; all that mordantly diffused out was nothing else; but a frigidly pulverized curry of traumatically

disgruntled nothingness,

When you wholesomely emptied the indomitably towering mountain; all that unitedly exploded out was nothing else; but an unstoppably eternal reservoir of handsomely Herculean and unflinching strength,

When you wholesomely emptied the nefariously gratuitous parasite; all that ballistically blasted out was nothing else; but a stream of ghastily devoured and innocently priceless blood,

When you wholesomely emptied the boisterously bubbling beehive; all that ingratiatingly dribbled out was nothing else; but a valley of fantastically exuberant

energy and divine sweetness,

When you wholesomely emptied the manipulatively prejudiced politicians house; all that vicariously tumbled out was nothing else; but a sonorously decrepit graveyard of profanely clandestine devilishness,

When you wholesomely emptied the blissfully venerated cow; all that benevolently crept out was nothing else; but a fountain of impregnably enamoring and godly

milk,

When you wholesomely emptied the satanically menacing dinosaurs; all that derogatorily fulminated out was nothing else; but an unrelentingly sadistic curry of

preposterously squelched and uncontrollably slavering organism,

When you wholesomely emptied the belly of the inscrutably majestic forests; all that royally floated out was nothing else; but a wonderfully tantalizing breeze of exhilaratingly ecstatic adventure and timeless freshness,

When you wholesomely emptied the jubilantly newborn eyes; all that innocuously drifted out was nothing else; but an egalitarian empathy for all echelon of motley mankind; symbiotically bonding with the heavenly rudiments of existence forever

and ever and ever,

When you wholesomely emptied the corporate tycoon's glass of tea; all that salaciously wafted out was nothing else; but a flagrantly surreptitious scheme to

unreasonably over topple his competitor; for even the most evanescent trace of the currency coin,

When you wholesomely emptied the Omnipotently fearless Sun; all that gloriously dazzled out was nothing else; but an unsurpassably insuperable civilization of

optimistic enlightenment and vividly blazing patriotism,

When you wholesomely emptied the lethally insidious scorpions den; all that devastatingly diffused out was nothing else; but threateningly acrimonious and

bawdily asphyxiating poison,

When you wholesomely emptied the resplendently sparkling oyster; all that robustly culminated out was nothing else; but charismatically burgeoning rain-showers of beautifully glistening pearls and effulgent prosperity,

When you wholesomely emptied the coffins of dolorously decaying betrayal; all that hedonistically ricocheted out was nothing else; but the gallows of truculently

torturous and fiendishly strangulating death,

And when you wholesomely emptied the sensitively passionate and uninhibitedly palpitating heart; all that timelessly liberated out was nothing else; but the rainbow of immortally blessing and unbreakably bonding love; love and sensuously fiery love .

30. EXPECTATIONS MASSACRE LIFE

It was only when you started to insatiably expect; that every stranger on the street would wholeheartedly smile; altruistically enshroud each dreary aspect of your beleaguered existence with unprecedented happiness,

That it terribly hurt you; when he unsparingly abused you; excoriating you apart like inconspicuously frigid shit; for ostensibly no reason or plausible rhyme; instead .

It was only when you started to inexorably expect; that the conglomerate of voluptuous clouds in the cosmos; perpetually inundated every emaciated cranny

of parched earth with enchantingly golden rain,

That it unsurpassably hurt you; when they immutably refrained to shower even an evanescent trickle even after drifting centimeters close to soil; metamorphosed every conceivable tuft of exotic green; into a graveyard of bizarrely disparaging sand;

instead .

It was only when you started to rapaciously expect; that the boisterously cavorting bee; would handsomely bless and enlighten the drearily lambasted roses around you,

That it limitlessly hurt you; when it acrimoniously hurtled right towards the whites of your impeccable eye and vengefully stung you; instead .

It was only when you started to endlessly expect; that the neighbor would chivalrously reciprocate your congenital kindness; unflinching standing by you in

your times of horrendously inexplicable and cancerous distress,

That it hedonistically hurt you; when he ghoulishly smattered every speck of preposterous dirt in his dwelling; with lethal disdain on your face; instead .

It was only when you started to unbelievably expect; that every inch of soil that you timelessly transgressed; would seductively tantalize and compassionately greet the haplessly staggering soles of your fatigued feet,

That it intransigently hurt you; when the ground perpetuated you to fretfully bleed and crumble; transforming into a battalion of cadaverously acerbic thorns even before you could alight a single foot; instead .

It was only when you started to tirelessly expect; that the very first rays of brilliantly Omnipotent Sun next morning; would miraculously mitigate you of even the most infinitesimal iota of your torturous agony,

That it tyrannically hurt you; when the mordantly main and viciously livid smog; hazily obfuscated every trace of light; instead .

It was only when you started to passionately expect; that the indomitably intrepid mountains; would perpetually sequester you in their unshakably peerless aura,

That it unimaginably hurt you; when they ignominiously buried you alive under an avalanche of incongruously untamed ice; instead .

It was only when you started to unconquerably expect; that the immaculate woman on the turnstiles; would invincibly treat you like her venerated son,

That it disconsolately hurt you; when she lasciviously crept towards you and tawdrily offered you her profanely sundry body; instead .

It was only when you started to unceasingly expect; that every wave of the undulatingly frosty ocean; would transcend you to above the realms of veritably

blissful paradise,

That it traumatically hurt you; when the waters savagely drowned you to the rock bottom without giving you the tiniest of subtle innuendo; instead .

And it was only when you started to unrelentingly expect; that the girl for which your heart throbbed more everlastingly than the corridors of eternal eternity; would irrefutably become the sole partner ofyour existence,

That it intolerably hurt you; when she came to tantalizingly kiss you every moonlit evening; and then bonded in threads of perennial matrimony with your most dreaded enemy; choosing you for the night and him for life; instead .

31. DYING IN YOUR PERPETUAL LAP

An honor more indomitable for me; than euphorically catapulting to the most

handsomely embellished summit of the invincible Himalayas,

An honor more Herculean for me; than resplendently relishing every ingredient of my blood; with the eternally fructifying fruits of venerated mother nature,

An honor more unsurpassable for me; than engendering the entire gigantic

Universe to nimbly dance; on my harmoniously symbiotic fingertips,

An honor more unlimited for me; than assimilating every conceivable trace of

affluence; from the panoramically mesmerizing treasuries of this fathomless

planet,

Was breathing the last breath of my impoverished life in your divinely arms

O! Eternal Beloved; profoundly reminiscing those ardent moments when we had

just first met; and then dying in your beautiful lap only to be reborn; as yours and only yours IMMORTAL LOVER .

1.

An honor more unfathomable for me; than rejoicing my life as a rapaciously

embellished prince; every unfurling minute that I insuperably lived,

An honor more limitless for me; than imbibing every bit of ingenious proliferation; that bountifully flowered on the trajectory of this unbelievably eclectic Universe,

An honor more boundless for me; than leading every instant of my existence

as the wind of aristocratically blazing patriotism and philanthropic selflessness,

An honor more momentous for me; than being consecrated as a temple of heavenly righteousness; for my indefatigable pioneering of the religion of humanity,

Was breathing the last breath of my truncated life close to your enchanting lips O! Enamoring Beloved; poignantly reminiscing our clandestine flirtation away from all conventionally tyrannical society; and then dying in your perennial lap; only to be reborn as yours and only yours IMMORTAL LOVER .

2 .

An honor more victorious for me; than reigning as an inferno of unassailably

unflinching authority; over every construable bit of space on this relentlessly unceasing earth,

An honor more unending for me; than being worshipped as an irrevocably

altruistic martyr; by all echelon of iridescently motley mankind,

An honor more memorable for me; than impregnably illuminating as a singular

flame of Omnipotently optimistic hope; in every household besieged with ghoulishly disparaging despair,

An honor more enlightening for me; than relentlessly feasting my eyes on the

corridors of peerlessly undefeatable and blissfully timeless paradise,

Was breathing the last breath of my destitute life staring into your ingratiatingly pristine eyes O! Bountiful Beloved; compassionately reminiscing those moments when our lips met in torrentially ecstatic frenzy for the very first time; and then dying in your inimitable lap; only to be reborn as yours and only yours IMMORTAL LOVER .

3 .

An honor more tremendous for me; than unrelentingly drenching myself in the rain of tirelessly blessing prosperity,

An honor more versatile for me; than being prolifically written about; serenaded to the most unprecedented limits of cynosure; all across the hi-tech world,

An honor more towering for me; than being christened as the most splendidly

sacred; humanitarian saint alive,

An honor more fragrant for me; than coalescing even the most mercurial cranny of my countenance with the blessedly untainted religion of unshakable mankind,

Was breathing the last breath of my unsolicited life nibbling at your silken ears O! benign Beloved; effusively reminiscing that instant when we were bonded by all religions in threads of connubial matrimony; and then dying in your ubiquitous lap; only to be reborn as yours and only yours IMMORTAL LOVER.

32. ON THE GALLOWS OF

On the gallows of blisteringly everlasting patriotism; hung the unflinchingly venerated; martyr,

On the gallows of disastrously unforgiving hell; hung the mercilessly massacring and ruthlessly cold-blooded; tyrant,

On the gallows of brutally delirious insanity; hung the disdainfully dilapidated and reclusively shunting loner,

On the gallows of perpetually glistening truth; hung the blissfully iridescent and beautifully blessed; harbinger of humanity,

On the gallows of disheveled dastardliness; hung the viciously decrepit and salaciously invidious parasite,

On the gallows of eternally fructifying pricelessness; hung the shadows of celestially invincible and euphorically triumphant; simplicity,

On the gallows of ominously disappearing non-existence; hung the indiscriminately pulverizing and heartlessly victimizing; murderer,

On the gallows of flagrantly orphaned stink; hung the mortuaries of sadistically torturous and debasingly criminal; bigotry,

On the gallows of cadaverously sinister ignominy; hung the graveyards of perniciously bizarre and lividly maiming; retribution,

On the gallows of venomously besmirched treachery; hung the vapid coffins of hideously vituperative and fecklessly banal; laziness,

On the gallows of intransigently egregious abuse; hung the ghost of criminally derogatory and atrociously simpering; lies,

On the gallows of pathetically diminishing insult; hung the baselessly abysmal skull of the worthlessly deteriorating and horrifically manipulative; politician,

On the gallows of severely asphyxiating accident; hung the carcasses of ruggedly infidel and demonically callous; carelessness,

On the gallows of unstoppably victimizing boredom; hung the parsimoniously unsavory crevices of penalizingly truculent and indefatigably iconoclastic; poverty,

On the gallows of infinitesimally two-pence sordidness; hung the ant hole of maliciously adulterated and preposterously decadent; chicanery,

On the gallows of continuously stabbing misery; hung the dungeon of unsparingly molesting and heinously beheading; crime,

On the gallows of lethally sinful banishment; hung the thorn of obsoletely contumacious and pruriently disillusioning; racialism,

On the gallows of stonily wastrel death; hung the jinxed hood of jejunely jailing

and haplessly disorienting; atheism,

And on the gallows of gloriously fragrant immortality; hung the silhouette of Omnipresently endowing and divinely enamoring; love; love and only immortal love.

33. WHAT USE WAS IT ?

What use was it to give an infinite exuberantly salty waves of the undulating sea; to the nimbly grazing cow; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the impregnably celestial fields of bountiful grass ?

What use was it to give an infinite unending skies to the boisterously bubbling bee; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the mellifluously enchanting walls of its tiny little rhapsodic hive ?

What use was it to give an infinite mists of surreally tantalizing laziness to the blisteringly patriotic soldier; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the blazing battlefield of war fearlessly fighting for his venerated motherland ?

What use was it to give an infinite disdainfully monotonous and corporate clocks to the sensuously untamed poet; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the dreamland of uninhibitedly unending and ecstatic wilderness ?

What use was it to give an infinite bombastically ebullient racecourses to the treacherously maimed; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but his reclusively darkened room with quintessential morsels of water; humanity and food ?

What use was it to give an infinite incomprehensible scripts of aristocratically fantastic literature to the majestic bird; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but untainted bits of pristinely magnanimous sky ?

What use was it to give an infinite castles of glistening gold to the newly born infant; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the Omnipotently sacrosanct lap of its heavenly mother ?

What use was it to give an infinite regale deserts to the effulgently leaping fish; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the waves of the unceasingly tangy sea ?

What use was it to give an infinite battalion of swanky cars to the royally parading lion; for whom the ultimate was in nothing else; but the rapaciously tantalizing outgrowths of the wonderfully arcane forests ?

What use was it to give an infinite idols of the Omnipresent Lord to the

contumaciously cold-blooded murderer; for whom the ultimate paradise was in

nothing else; but innocent blood barbarically spewing around ?

What use was it to give an infinite jars of honey to the rambunctiously

slithering spider; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but

resplendently silken strands of the unbelievably articulate web ?

What use was it to give an infinite thrones embellished with mesmerizing

diamonds to the tirelessly sauntering camel; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the vividly shimmering sands of the insatiably sweltering desert ?

What use was it to give an infinite firmaments of unconquerable truth to the disgracefully delinquent politician; for whom the ultimate paradise was in

nothing else; but the ghoulishly decrepit maelstroms of diabolical bloodshed and manipulative prejudice ?

What use was it to give an infinite spiffy pop songs to the torturously estranged and kicked dog; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the cacophonic bark which emanated congenitally from his mouth; and the compassionate feet of his master ?

What use was it to give an infinite harmoniously salubrious vegetables to the hideously hungry crocodile; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the scent of effusively reinvigorating and insanely pulverized human flesh and bone ?

What use was it to give an infinite perspicaciously terrestrial preachings to the frigidly century old corpse; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but performing penance in the aisles of Heaven or Hell; wherever the Lord placed it with the unraveling moment ?

What use was it to give an infinite well's of exquisitely immaculate curd to the hedonistic termite; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but obsoletely dilapidated pieces of orphaned and clammily deteriorating wood ?

And what use was it to give an infinite civilizations of currency coin to the passionately thundering heart; for whom the ultimate paradise was in nothing else; but the unassailable beats of immortal love; love and solely immortal love ?

34. WHERE WERE YOU ?

Where were you when I was relentlessly slithering on freezing ground; rapaciously fantasizing about your voluptuously silken hair ?

Where were you when I eclectically sketched you in a countless shapes and

exuberant forms; envisaging you to be the most sensuously untamed female on

this colossal planet ?

Where were you when I lunatically chatted with barren space for times immemorial; insatiably wishing that my compassionately quavering voice; reached you through thin air ?

Where were you when I was tyrannically being drowned by the monstrously cyclonic sea wave; perceiving nothing else but your magically effervescent smile; even as preposterously diabolical sharks and water; haplessly sunk me down ?

Where were you when I desperately needed fathomless skies of conviction; when I fervently desired nothing else but your invincibly humanitarian embrace; in my times of gruesomely bizarre dereliction ?

Where were you when each devastatingly emaciated pore of my flesh; uncontrollably sought for nothing else but your; tantalizingly ingratiating caress ?

Where were you when I spent each unfurling second of the day; enigmatically

inscribing your name on every wall of my house and my ecstatically reverberating heart ?

Where were you when I euphorically penned boundless lines of perpetual poetry on your brilliantly magnanimous grace; sporadically wailing as I unstoppably craved for your mischievously uninhibited laughter ?

Where were you when I was being truculently whipped by the indiscriminately

unforgiving and iconoclastically orthodox society; and every tear oozing from my eye; engulfed profusely with nothing else but your immaculately divine soul ?

Where were you when I was shivering even beneath the most opulently flocculent of quilts; as every cranny of my countenance unsurpassably yearned for nothing else; but your Omnipotently miraculous warmth ?

Where were you when I frantically wandered for a countless days on the frigidly dusty streets; fanatically searching for your Omnisciently magical essence without even knowing an alphabet from your heavenly name ?

Where were you when I wholesomely surrendered my impoverished form to the satanic lions of the jungle; acquitting my form of all beautiful life; without your majestically benign fragrance ?

Where were you when I deliriously screamed for help towards the enchantingly

endless sky; hopelessly unable to sight your lusciously venerated lips; even

in the most flamboyantly dazzling light of the afternoon ?

Where were you when I unfurled like a vivacious peacock into the aisles of

unceasingly vibrant desire; with even the most infinitesimal ingredient of my blood unlimitedly wanting to dedicate itself to your divinely form ?

Where were you when I disconsolately wept like a new-born infant for ostensibly no reason or rhyme; inexplicably missing your congenitally blessing rhythm; in even the most evanescent puff of air that I inhaled ?

Where were you when I zealously tried to stop every unraveling second on the

dials of my luminescent watch; wanting every fraction of the planet to come to an absolute standstill; and only you to reign unassailably supreme ?

Where were you when I inexhaustibly fantasized about you in my every dream;

when the whites and black's of my eye garnished no other image; except your

insuperably queenly form ?

Where were you when I about to abdicate my very last breath at the impromptu

command of the Omnipresent Lord; when the last wish that I breathed from my

nostrils was to hear your mellifluously eternal voice ?

Where were you when I timelessly proposed my immortal love for you; limitlessly wanted to propound the condition of my passionately enslaved heart infront of your indomitably fearless grace ?

And where were you when I was getting Married to a complete alien on this

earth; just to fulfill the last wish of my dying mother; as there was not the most diminutive trace of you in front of her weary eyes; and all that she wanted to see before she died; was me in bonded in perennially connubial bliss and blithe .

35. IS ANYBODY LISTENING ?

I am relentlessly asphyxiating in a world of derogatorily stinking politics; with sinfully dastard manipulation invidiously creeping like an inevitable parasite; into the poignantly fresh blood of my veins. Is anybody Listening ?

I am being ruthlessly stabbed by preposterously banal maelstroms of boredom; with the gutter of bizarrely unending corruption; transforming me into a hapless eunuch; although I was born as blazing as the Omnipotently blistering Sun. Is anybody Listening ?

I am feeling like a frigidly inconspicuous mendicant of gruesome shit; in the atmosphere adulterated with venomous cigarette smoke and heinously vicious dust

outside. Is anybody Listening ?

I am penuriously depleted of even the most ethereally infinitesimal of my desires; as brutally tyrannical savagery and crime incessantly kept excoriating; priceless life around. Is anybody Listening ?

I am vindictively stagnating even in the most opulently garnished of castles; as every stone on which its foundation lay was devilishly erected on innocuously pristine blood. Is anybody Listening ?

I am uncouthly reeling under conventionally chauvinistic malpractices; with macabre demons indiscriminately trampling over my nimble form; to transcend beyond the skies of fathomlessly ultimate success. Is anybody Listening ?

I am hedonistically drowning under the waters of blatantly maladroit lies and insane perfidiousness; with absolutely none on this earth today radiating a philanthropically truthful smile. Is anybody Listening ?

I am squirming intransigently on diabolically shivering ground; with my naked skin being satanically lambasted by cleavers of barbaric corruption. Is anybody Listening ?

I am experiencing each unraveling instant of priceless life through the eyes of an insane lunatic; with the germs of cold-blooded communalism being abjectly perpetuate into every cranny of my impoverished soul. Is anybody Listening ?

I am worthlessly wasting precociously innovative moments of my life staring meaninglessly at the abysmal skies; as the chains of indigently ostracizing

unemployment strangulated one and all alike on this colossal planet today. Is anybody Listening ?

I am helplessly slavering on unlimited trash cans of orphaned garbage; frantically searching for those quintessential droplets of compassionate empathy; in eyes which had become sadistically estranged and dried. Is anybody Listening ?

I am inexplicably deteriorating like a diminutively extinguishing matchstick on lackadaisical soil; circumscribed and uxoriously castrated by the bawdiness of spurious religion today. Is anybody Listening ?

I am inexhaustibly begging on the acrimoniously wastrel streets; fervently waiting for those symbiotically unconquerable bonds of brotherhood which had so pathetically diminished from the planet today. Is anybody Listening ?

I am being obnoxiously blown like a molecule of besmirched dust; by powerhouses of wealth; wine; vixen and rapaciously decrepit greed. Is anybody Listening ?

I am being subjected to the most horrifically apocalypses even under brilliantly fearless sunshine; as man roasted another of his blissfully harmonious kind; for just parsimonious wads of tawdry currency coin. Is anybody Listening ?

I am being truculently marred by iconoclastically debasing debauchery from every conceivable end on this gigantic planet; disdainfully stuttering towards ominously flagrant dereliction on every prejudiced step that I transgressed. Is anybody Listening ?

I am fraught with unceasingly maiming anxiety; with the dreadfully ungainly monotony of threadbarely pulverizing office paralyzing every ounce of exhilaration in my bones. Is anybody Listening ?

I am uncontrollably weeping beside the unfortunate graves of my parents and kin; with raw blood dribbling from my eyes as I reminisced the ghastly mob who

torched them alive in the name of religious fanaticism and martyrdom. Is anybody Listening ?

And I am exhaling the very last puffs of breath in my life; as the girl to whom I had immortally dedicated every beat of my passionately thundering heart; left me forever for a man who had a coin extra in his pocket than mine. Is anybody Listening ?

36. WHILE TODAY

When she wasn't there in my life; my hands were just hands; painstakingly staggering in flagrant incoherence to engross themselves with the mundane activities of routine life,

While today; they artistically evolved a civilization of bountiful newness; sketching the unbelievable vividness of this colossal Universe even on barren bits of lackluster mud; as her magically unflinching body nestled on my chest

When she wasn't there in my life; my feet were just feet; vengefully cribbing to clamber even a single step; feeling like a fretfully unbearable mountain of stones and horrendously debilitating thorns,

While today; they euphorically surged past the ultimate epitomes of benign victory; triumphantly trampled even the most evanescent trace of evil on this planet; as her innocuously celestial eyes interlocked themselves impregnably with mine .

When she wasn't there in my life; my lips were just lips; inanely muttering lackadaisical monosyllables; to procure quintessential elements of life,

While today; they tirelessly sung the songs of everlastingly enchanting togetherness; majestically chanted the essence of Immortally spell binding love and camaraderie to the most fathomless quarters of this planet; as her altruistically humanitarian

shadow; intrepidly circumscribed me from all sides .

When she wasn't there in my life; my blood was just blood; congenitally enriched with poignantly crimson shades of scarlet; but metamorphosing more and more

rampantly into an amorphous coffin of tears; bearing the whiplash of the truculently conventional society,

While today; it became an untamed inferno of indomitable righteousness; invincibly towering above every other thing on this gigantic Universe; as the egalitarian fragrance of her impeccable soul; unassailably wafted into my conscience .

When she wasn't there in my life; my brain was just brain; insidiously indulging in all nefarious shortcuts to earn indispensable livelihood; wholesomely succumbing to the satanically bombarding devil,

While today; it spell bindingly fantasized to the most insuperably regal limits; beautifully assimilating every trace of humanity and goodness on this limitless globe; as her voluptuously enamoring hair surreally tantalized my naked nape .

When she wasn't there in my life; my eyes were just eyes; dreadfully sullen and morose every unfurling minute of the day; plunging themselves into a cadaverously obfuscated and disparagingly disoriented blur; with the unraveling of midnight,

While today; they vivaciously danced like the fireballs of immaculately untamed mischief; unceasingly flowed with empathy for all of my synergistic kind; as her Omnipotently mesmerizing voice conquered even the most emaciated pore of my

senses .

When she wasn't there in my life; my flesh was just flesh; without even the most ethereally infidel of desire; disdainfully rotting like ghoulishly indescribable feces emanating from the pigs hindside,

While today; it incredulously catapulted beyond the walls of seventh heaven and paradise at the crack of tantalizing dawn; as her seductively rubicund fingers;

traced very last impoverished bone down my spine .

When she wasn't there in my life; my ears were just ears; abjectly numbing themselves in sadness and profanity; even as the most thunderous of apocalypses

resonated cannibalistically on this boundless planet,

While today; they philanthropically unfurled to even the slightest bereavement of living kind; running continents apart to the cries of the haplessly decrepit; as her unconquerably ebullient spirit lingered by my diminutive side .

When she wasn't there in my life; my breath was just breath; pathetically slavering and slithering like a treacherously rabid dog; to carry on till the time it was destined on this endlessly royal earth,

While today; it transformed into the cosmos of perennially ecstatic and undefeatable life; as her virtue of eternal truthfulness and religion of humanity; kissed me from head till the last nail of my hide .

And when she wasn't there in my life; my heart was just heart; mechanically pumping blood to every cranny of my torturously depleted countenance; as if it were the most despairingly acrimonious activity on this eclectic planet,

While today; it solely and effulgently coruscated with the beats of Immortally unshakable love; as her mantra of selflessly Godly existence; transcended over even

the most obsolete element of my mission and life .

37. LOVE PERPETUALLY

Run exuberantly and with such unprecedentedly untamed exhilaration in every conceivable of your veins today; as perhaps there might not be even the most diminutive insinuation of brilliant tomorrow; to run once again,

Sing tirelessly and generating such ebulliently unfathomable enchantment in the dolorously decrepit atmosphere today; as perhaps there might not be even the most infinitesimal unfurling of optimistic tomorrow; to sing once again,

Work indefatigably and with such unsurpassable ardor in each globule of your endlessly dribbling sweat today; as perhaps there might not be even the most

inconspicuous horizon of enlightening tomorrow; to work once again,

Fantasize unrelentingly and with such extreme enthusiasm in every ingredient of your brain today; as perhaps there might not be even the most ethereal unraveling of spell binding tomorrow; to fantasize once again,

Philander unceasingly and with such unparalleled gusto through the landscapes of resplendently panoramic nature today; as perhaps there might not be even the

most minuscule mention of unflinching tomorrow; to philander once again,

Smile unlimitedly and with such stupendously fervent yearning in the rubicund periphery of your lips today; as perhaps there might not be even the most evanescent

ray of inimitable tomorrow; to smile once again,

Achieve inexorably and with such ecstatically insatiable temerity in every of your valiant bones today; as perhaps there might not be even the most frigid shadow of celestial tomorrow; to achieve once again,

Discover unstoppably and with such profoundly unconquerable euphoria in every ingredient of scarlet blood that flowed handsomely through your veins today; as perhaps there might not be even the most obsolete feather of royal tomorrow; to discover once again,

Learn unhindered and with such Omnipotently untainted diligence in your soul today; as perhaps there might not be even the most wastrel innuendo of bountiful

tomorrow; to learn once again,

Triumph impregnably and with such blazingly fearless patriotism in your conscience today; as perhaps there might not be even the most dilapidated shell of heavenly tomorrow; to triumph once again,

Concentrate irrevocably and with such fathomlessly blessing dedication today; as perhaps there might not be even the most cloistered realm of majestic tomorrow; to concentrate once again,

Donate philanthropically and with such altruistically impeccable godliness today; as perhaps there might not be even the most disappearing caress of priceless tomorrow; to donate once again,

Mesmerize eloquently and with such victoriously magnetic sensuousness today; as perhaps there might not be even the most inane burgeoning of blazing tomorrow; to mesmerize once again,

Sleep tranquilly and with such compassionately invincible coziness in your countenance today; as perhaps there might not be even the most fugitive complexion of benevolent tomorrow; to sleep once again,

Joke inexhaustibly and with such unequivocally bounteous freedom in every nerve of your persona; as perhaps there might not be even the most ephemeral voice of dazzling tomorrow; to joke once again,

Express poignantly and with such artistically undaunted effusiveness in every element of your visage today; as perhaps there might not be even the most transient sunrise of flamboyant tomorrow; to express once again,

Flirt tantalizingly and with such boundlessly overpowering rapaciousness behind the honey draped hills today; as perhaps there might not be the even the most shimmering iota of insuperable tomorrow; to flirt once again,

Breathe an infinite billion times and with such unimaginable greed in your nostrils today; as perhaps there might not be even the most vagabond speck of miraculous tomorrow; to breath once again,

But Love perpetually and with the inferno of uncontrollably effulgent desire towering slowly and slowly to an unassailably fantastic crescendo; as by the grace of Omnipresent Almighty Lord; for love there were not only an infinite more undefeated tomorrows; but an infinite glorious poetic rhymes; an infinite heavens of benign paradise; an infinite more immortal lives .

38. MARRIED

When the tender skinned cub was innocuous and small; he played frivolously all day in his cage; sequestered from the ominous attack of vicious predators,   
However when the same kid matured into the majestic lion; it was indispensable to leave him in the dense jungle.

When the buds were minuscule in size; they were kept in clusters in the contemporary vase; shielding them from the tenaciously blowing wind,

However when they blossomed into crimson flowers; proliferating at amazing speeds by the unveiling day; it was indispensable to let them spread on sprawling acres of farmland.

When the river was new oozing parsimonious rivulets of water intermittently; it inhabited the obscure regions between the valley,

However as torrential rain unrelentingly pelted down; the stream swelled astronomically in size; and it was now indispensable to blend the same with the colossal ocean.

When the fish were small; they were scrupulously kept in a grandiloquent tank;   
impregnated with loads of coral and sea food,   
However when they speedily augmented in size; it was indispensable to place them beside the preposterously huge whale.

When the eggs were pearly white with their shells wholesomely intact; the mothers sat on them incessantly harnessing them with their effeminate warmth,   
However when they hatched out into slender beaked fledglings; it was indispensable to teach them the art of flying high in the sky.

When the pup was just born wailing incoherently in the air; it slept like an angel leaning against the belly of its mother,   
However when it started frisking around the garden; it was indispensable to make him realize the importance of his bark.

When the venomous spider aimlessly loitered on the ground; it took shelter for many hours in cocoons of wet mud,   
However the minute it had spun its web; it was indispensable for it to trap its prey;   
before strangulating the same with its slimy juices.

When the honeybee just took its first breath; it buzzed inexorably against the eardrum of its queen mother,   
However as it developed its wings rampantly flying in the air; it was indispensable for it to produce fresh honey.

When the child lay in its cradle he emulated the most impeccable form of life existing on this earth; effusively crying for milk and attention,   
However when he grew up into a complete individual; it was indispensable for him to earn his own bread; exploring different arenas of the monotonous world.

And when two lovers witnessed each other; they were incorrigibly mesmerized by each others presence; romanced and languished in the aisles of desire,   
However after a marathon period had elapsed; and their relationship had culminated into one of perpetual understanding; it was indispensable for them to get united into threads of holy matrimony; to eventually get married

39. WHEN SHE BLUSHED

When she blushed she looked as mesmerizing as the sparkling oyster shell; as impeccable as the moon,   
Driving me into waves of stupendous rhapsody; inundating my persona with overwhelming exhilaration.

When she blushed she appeared as ravishing as freshly prepared crusty chocolate; as tantalizing as the crimson rose,   
Catapulting me to unexplored arenas of enchantment; taking my breath away for a few seconds from its very roots.

When she blushed she looked as innocuous as a newly born child; crying incessantly for its mother,   
Prompting me to shut down all other avenues of work; keep on admiring her until eternity.

When she blushed she appeared as poignant as green chili; as rustic as the primordial tree roots,   
Sending a plethora of shivers right down to my veins; imparting my sullen face a prominently mystical smile.

When she blushed she looked as vivacious as the colored rainbow in the sky; as resplendent as the twinkling stars,   
Impregnating in me inexplicable sensations; ones which I had never experienced in my life before.

When she blushed she appeared as pellucid as the crystal mountain stream; as innocent as an incongruous birthmark,   
Making me erupt effusively with spurts of exuberance; shouting loudly as far as my voice could reach; in the middle of the dead night.

When she blushed she looked as enticing as chilled tangy juice; as majestic as the kingly peacock blossoming its feathers,   
Knocking all apprehensions from top drawers of my mind; remarkably transforming the monotonous outlook of my thoughts.

When she blushed she appeared as voluptuous as the pelting rain; as perennial as the lush green blades of grass,   
Placing me in a state of speechless ebullience; as she caressed me gently on my bearded cheek.

When she blushed she resembled the radiating reptile rampantly traversing through the jungle; the scarlet winged parrot bathing in the gurgling river,   
Engendering my eyes to virtually pop out of their sockets; clenching my fists to salute her in due adulation.

When she blushed she seemed like a celestial fairy having descended from the sky; the most perfect messenger of spontaneous love,   
Making me profoundly oblivious to the disparaging world; making me clearly cognize my sole purpose to live; having taken birth on this earth in the form of a man.

40. TO WIN HER BACK

To win her back was as impossible; as thunder clouds in the cosmos not showering unrelenting rain,

To win her back was as impossible; as squeezing back tangy toothpaste back into the tube,

To win her back was as impossible; as scrupulously straightening a dog's incorrigibly curved tail,

To win her back was as impossible; as plummeting face down from the 100th floor; and yet desiring to stay alive,

To win her back was as impossible; as typing alphabets on the swanky computer screen without the intricately chiseled keyboard,

To win her back was as impossible; as escaping the sting of the mosquito incessantly buzzing its cacophony in the ear,

To win her back was as impossible; as trying to tenaciously sneeze without making the tiniest of noise,

To win her back was as impossible; as attempting to walk without using twin pair of feet,

To win her back was as impossible; as trying to cultivate a tree without indispensable water,

To win her back was as impossible; as trying to speed the car at erratic speeds without whisky complexioned gasoline,

To win her back was as impossible; as hunting the untamed panther without a gleaming barrel gun,

To win her back was as impossible; as making tea without actually adding pungent tea leaves,

To win her back was as impossible; as trying not to scream when consuming heaps of green farm chili,

To win her back was as impossible; as constructing the colossal edifice without a concrete foundation,

To win her back was as impossible; as standing naked amidst the frozen snow without shivering,

To win her back was as impossible; as soaring high in the sky without a pair of dexterously handsome wings,

To win her back was as impossible; as retaining consciousness even after being pierced by fangs of the venomous snake,

To win her back was as impossible; as convincing the agnostic to believe in omniscient God,

To win her back was as impossible; as holding ones ground firmly in an island of quick sand,

To win her back was as impossible; as expecting a spider to stay suspended in the air without its silken web,

To win her back was as impossible; as existing in sweltering heat of the desert without a solitary globule of water,

To win her back was as impossible; as having the sun shine inexorably all the time without any mention of night,

To win her back was as impossible; as impregnating life back into the veins of a dead man,

To win her back was as impossible; as trying to survive without inhaling gallons of fresh air,

O! Yes to win her back today was irrevocably impossible; after the dreadful fight we had in the day,

The only way I could still win her back; was wait for the gruesome night to unveil itself into another day,

Fervently hope that the new rising of dawn; made her exhaustively oblivious to the obnoxious events of the previous day .

41. DON'T YOU WORRY SWEETHEART

I couldn't afford to embellish you in ornaments of pure gold; with chains of scintillating silver dangling from your neck,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would dive deep into the fathomless ocean; thread you a necklace of immaculate pearls; I extracted from the slippery oyster.

I couldn't afford to take you long distances in an ostentatious car; with the air conditioner blowing a full blast in your face,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would place both your legs on my shoulders; and carry you adroitly under the unrelenting sun; with your warm breath caressing my hair.

I couldn't afford to buy you exquisite eateries from the market; satiate your taste buds with appetizing caramel,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would dexterously knead rustic dough into bread; blend it with ravishing tomatoes; I specially grew for you in the backyard.

I couldn't afford to make you sleep on a silken mattress juxtaposed with diamonds; with cozy ambience of the palace engulfing you from all sides,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would inundate your ears with mystical rhymes; be there with you on your side under the twinkling stars; until you drifted into deep sleep.

I couldn't afford to talk with you on contemporary telephone for marathon hours; punching a jugglery of soft buttons on the intricate laptop,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would emboss letters to you with a river of my precious blood; never failing to miss the most inconspicuous of detail.

I couldn't afford to take you on a cruise of the ocean; sitting in the grandiloquent luxury liner with its knotted masts fluttering in the salty breeze,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would chisel a plain boat of strong wood; row you all throughout the choppy sea; despite of the monstrous waves trying to drown us down.

I couldn't afford to drape your persona in opulently embroidered cloth; a host of artificial contrivances accentuating your features,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would stitch you a cloak of pure cotton; embodied with the essence of our immortal love.

I couldn't afford to offer you crystalline mineral liquid to drink; an incessant supply of crimson colored plum juice,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would fetch you water from the gurgling mountain springs; preserve it for you in my cupped hands till the hour you felt thirsty.

I couldn't afford to purchase expensive books for you; impregnated with the most panoramic of graphics,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would perceive the wildest of fantasy scrutinizing dormant arenas of my brain; and then recite the same to you.

I couldn't afford to buy the sky for you; with magnanimous gods residing in castles of unprecedented glory,   
But don't you worry sweetheart; as I would transform every inch of soil which you tread on into paradise; present the most invincible sky of our romance at your celestial feet.

42. PROMISE ME

Promise me you wont change like the seasons; leaving me solitary and dilapidated wandering aimlessly on the mountains,

Promise me you wont transform your color like the vivacious chameleon; betraying me when I had started loving you the most,

Promise me you wont swirl away like the passing winds; abandoning me in a state of inexplicable despair and tears,

Promise me you wont gallivant unscrupulously with another man; besieging me with waves of bizarre shock; freezing my blood in its veins,

Promise me you wont philander the ominous streets at night incarcerating me in chains; causing me to wait with my eyes wide open until you returned back,

Promise me you wont disappear like the moon in the cosmos; leaving me insurmountably anguished bereft of your presence,

Promise me you wont strangulate me like a reptile; for it is not the deadly venom I would fear; rather would feel extremely disillusioned by the concept of immortal love,

Promise me you wont vanish away from my sight like the ephemeral rainbow; for I will stand unrelentingly till I saw you again,

Promise me you wont metamorphose your shape with enhancing age; for I wanted you just like the innocuous child I met several years ago,

Promise me you wont evaporate like the floating clouds; leaving me midway in my insatiable quest to conquer life,

Promise me you wont radiate intermittently like the uncanny stars; for I desired you to be my perennial source of shine,

Promise me you wont retreat your neck back like the protuberant tortoise; for I needed you as my tumultuous inspiration when on the battlefield,

Promise me you wont fall like the fruit when subjected to the onslaught of a mighty cyclone; for I would not possess the slightest power to pick you up and witness your lifeless face,

Promise me you wont dry like the monsoon river; for I wholesomely depended on the stirrings of your soul to pacify my thirst,

Promise me you wont get erased like the pencil marks do when scrubbed by a rubber; for my life would collapse in disdainful shambles if you weren't here,

Promise me you wont fly away like birds do in hibernation; leaving me sobbing hysterically; thumping my hands against the wall; until they bled,

Promise me you wont shirk furtively away from my presence; for I would be left with no other option but ripping apart my throbbing heart,

Promise me you wont get carried away by all the glamour and graffiti; for I might miserably flounder to provide you with all the ostentation; all I could do was inundate you with true love from my persona,

Promise me you wont elope like the bees into different houses; for I needed you indispensably to apply sweet honey on my lips,

And promise me you'll never leave me come what may in the tenure of our lives; for I would relinquish breath the second you did so; not possessing the tenacity to survive without your celestial body.

43. THE TENACITY OF MY LOVE

Even if you were an obdurate stone; with loads of callousness embedded rigidly in your persona,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; transformed you into molten wax rampantly dripping down; eventually blending with the earth.

Even if you were the dry desert; harboring a plethora of acrimonious cactus and violently blistering winds,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; inundated you with fresh water; imparting a perennial wetness to your sands.

Even if you were the satanic demon; with your armory of brutal teeth scintillating wickedly under the moon,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; brought about a dramatic metamorphosis in you; converting you into an immaculate angel.

Even if you were the incorrigible dictator; rebuking all in proximity with your volley of expletives and commands,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; pacified you overwhelmingly; exonerated the bitterness in your voice.

Even if you were deadly poison; causing instantaneous death on consumption,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; completely annihilated your venom; making you as sweet as golden nectar.

Even if you were pallid paint sticking languidly to the walls; propagating waves of disparaging gloom in the ambience,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; impregnated you with brilliantly vibrant color; made you profoundly smile.

Even if you were poignant green chili; thunderously shouting expending supreme capacity of your lungs,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; transmuted you into innocuous sugar; irrefutably sweet in taste.

Even if you were the viciously lethal reptile; baring your fangs at me with utter hostility,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; changed you into the resplendent fish; gliding sedately through the swirling ocean.

Even if you were blazing volcano; torching all those who came even centimeters near you; devouring innocent humans in your fiery belly like inconspicuous insects,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; transfigured you into the melodious stream weaving its way enchantingly through meadows of soft grass.

And even if you were the idol of horrendous hatred; ostracizing humanity severely for its benevolent deeds,

I would make sure that the tenacity of my love; rekindled in you the essence of sharing; the insatiable urge to caress and care.

44. IMMORTAL LOVE

When I sighted it standing over the celestial body of sun; it appeared profoundly dazzling shimmering in the vibrant rays,

When I sighted it from the iridescent land of moon; it glistened enchantingly propagating ramifications of congeniality,

When I sighted it from pinnacle of the lanky mountain; it appeared blissfully panoramic; thoroughly enlightening the pallid atmosphere,

When I sighted it from the fetid gutter philandering through the obnoxious sewage; it looked all the more enticing; incarcerating me with waves of jubilation,

When I sighted it sitting solitarily on the temple steps; it appeared as sacrosanct as omnipotent god,

When I sighted it riveted to my seat belt in the inexorably speeding car; it looked prominently distinct amidst hazy outlines of the obscure countryside,

When I sighted it through the candle flame; it looked as innocuous as an untainted angel,

When I sighted it from between rustling branches of the jungle tree; it appeared as pellucid as the scintillating mirror in the ambience of torrential thunderstorm,

When I sighted it riding on bare horseback; it looked magnanimous in the backdrop of paddy fields,

When I sighted it from the charcoal laden speeding train; it appeared as immaculate as the silver oyster in the clouds of venomous black smoke,

When I sighted it from swanky interiors of the blaring discotheque; it looked as sagacious as the newborn child,

When I sighted it while snoozing under the sequestered blankets; it appeared as vivid as the resplendent rainbow,

When I sighted it standing on the corrupt politician's dais; it looked as loyal as the beheaded martyr,

When I sighted it while traversing on sweat soaked grass; it appeared as astounding as globules of water pelting from the sky,

When I sighted it from within the brutal murderer's den; it looked as impeccable as frosty cow milk,

When I sighted it from a thousand feet beneath the cloistered earth; it appeared as vivacious as the flames of crackling fire,

When I sighted it from within the irrevocably forlorn dead coffin; it looked robust and exuberantly gyrating with life,

When I sighted it from within the interiors of a sunken ship; it appeared as glorious as the monumental whale,

When I sighted it while ambling on the island of pernicious hell; it looked like a fairy having just taken bath in mountain water,

It had presented itself as stupendously flawless; no matter where I attempted sighting it from; the creator in the cosmos called it love; while we had gone one step further christening it as immortal love .

45. I WANTED YOU TO LIVE FOR A THOUSAND CENTURIES

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every century unfolding; having a million years,

The smile on your luscious lips profoundly enlightening the pallid atmosphere.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every year unleashing; having a million months,

The charisma of your immaculate demeanor; incarcerating me thoroughly in its divine grace.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every month unveiling; having a million fortnights,

The empathy in your intricate eyes; making me oblivious to this monotonous world.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every fortnight releasing; having a million weeks,

The fragrance of your silhouette; tickling my conscience with inevitable strokes of attraction.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every week blossoming; having a million days,

The overwhelming melody in your voice inundating the atmosphere with supreme rhapsody; putting me to celestial sleep.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every day ripening; having a million hours,

The mystical aura of your blissful presence; entrenching me in entirety; catapulting me into surreptitious realms of heaven.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every hour passing; having a million minutes,

The tenderness of your silken touch; making me exorbitantly realize that I was alive.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every minute discharging; having a million seconds,

The satiny cascade of your tantalizing hair; encompassing every arena of my body.

I wanted you to live for a thousand centuries; with every second zipping; by having a million passionate breaths,

The throbbing of your heart amalgamating with mine; making me practically invincible from all sides.

I wouldn't mind if all fantasies of my life miserably failed; but it my humble plea to you O! Omnipresent creator,

To convert this fantasy of mine into a perpetual reality; Bonding us together for times and centuries immemorial .

46. LOVE YOU

When she looked at me; glancing mildly at the hidden contours of my face,

I perceived overwhelming waves of euphoria thunderously pound on my chest; suddenly felt as handsome as the jeweled prince.

When she came face to face with my persona; at the contemporary shopping store,

I inadvertently lost my balance; tripping down towards the floor in dumbfounded consternation; with the contents of my shopping bag rampantly dispersing all over.

When she discussed about me in hushed voices; profoundly aggrandizing facts about my demeanor amidst her friends,

I felt tumultuously exhilarated; felt as if I had conquered the highest summit in my non-illustrious career.

When she waved to me from across the bustling street; blatantly displaying the rubicund skin of her intricate palms,

I worked with a rejuvenated vigor at office; meticulously executed all tasks in half the time I usually took.

When she chivalrously offered to share her umbrella; in a voluptuous ambience of torrential rain pelting down,

I felt ravishing sensations stab my body; insurmountable gratitude towards her engulf my conscience.

When she assisted me to up pick my handkerchief from the muddy ground; our eyes locked for marathon seconds of time,

I felt inexplicable shivers run down my spine; and there seemed to be mystical reverberations that echoed clear and strident through my mind.

When she talked with me on telephone; the captivating melody in her voice seemed to be drowning me in waves of rhapsody,

And I had to ask her to iterate her message at the end of the conversation; as I was irrevocably involved all the time in grasping the sweetness in her sound;

When I opened her letter under enchanting light of the moon; I was mesmerized sighting her exquisite handwriting,

The frenzy in my blood was so accentuated; that I swooned on the ground blissfully falling into a slumber with her writing resting on my eyes.

When she addressed me by my name; I felt the conglomerate of bones in my legs transform into ethereal paper,

I could hardly believe my ears; and pleaded with her to say it incessantly until her mouth ached.

And the most memorable moment of my life came when she said to me I love you, whispering it while nimbly brushing across my cheek,  
It was one instant of my life, which I will perpetually remember; one instant that he entire wealth in this world could fail to purchase.

47. I WANTED TO DIE WITH YOU

I wanted to dance with you on the sun; with its dazzling rays profoundly basking us all day,

I wanted to walk with you through the deserts; with the golden sands weaving enchanting trails of our footsteps,

I wanted to sit with you on the placid green meadows; incessantly admiring the rustic cattle; scores of flocculent mountain sheep,

I wanted to gallivant with you on bare horseback; with your mesmerizing hair rampantly blowing with the air and tingling my cheek,

I wanted to leisurely philander with you across the amusement park; taking an exhilarating spin with you on the roller coaster train,

I wanted to raucously play with you in the swirling ocean; splashing infinite droplets of water on your face,

I wanted to talk with you on telephone for marathon hours of time; solely infatuated by the melodious cadence in your voice,

I wanted to sleep with you on the open terrace; with the tenacious rays of moon infiltrating into our eyes,

I wanted to eat with you in your plate; feeding you delectable morsels of food with my very own hands,

I wanted to stand with you on the summit of the monumental building; drearily sight the world as an obfuscated blur some thousand feet below,

I wanted to see all movies on the silver screen with you; entwining my palms with your compassionate fingers,

I wanted to entangle my wrists with yours; giving you the pleasure of easily defeating me,

I wanted to kneel beside your frail persona when you were ill; scrupulously feeding you your medicines despite your vehement resistance,

I wanted to bathe with you in the Jungle River; with frothy water profusely tickling against our shivering backs,

I wanted to sip bubbling coffee with you beside the fireplace; relish the warmth of your breath wafting in the air,

I wanted to infuriate you to the threshold of irritation; then massage your sacrosanct feet till they felt rejuvenated,

I wanted to hoist you high and handsome towards the sky; asking the creator to bestow upon you my share of felicity,

I wanted to assist you prepare our supper for the night; frivolously spraying upon you fresh tomato juice to hear your animated squeals,

I wanted to ensure that you remained invincibly safe at all moments; hovering like a shadow behind you; not abdicating from your presence even if you rebuked me,

I wanted to attain the power of clairvoyance; satiating the most minuscule of your demands before you even uttered them,

I wanted to kiss you unrelentingly; for as long as indispensable air lasted in our lungs,

And I wanted to relinquish my terrestrial pleasures blending my blood with you; leave for my destination to heaven; the instant god decided to take you from me in his arms.

48. HOW COULD YOU EVER FORGET

How could you ever forget the steaming cups of coffee we shared beside the fireplace; with snowdrops pelting in tumultuous fury outside,

The passion in our breaths; making us virtually oblivious to unveiling time.

How could you ever forget those shopping sprees, in which we were together; with me holding all those slippery vegetables,

The bags in our hands stashed with indispensable amenities of life; yet our palms entwined in each other.

How could you ever forget the marathon walks we had on the sea shores; with our feet dabbling into slimy cocoons of sand,

The salty froth of the ocean slapping us tenderly on our cheeks; with the exquisite backdrop of the sun setting in evanescent horizon.

How could you ever forget those bare horseback rides; where we went gallivanting through the steep mountains,

With intermittent showers of rain cascading down; drawing us all the more closer in perpetual reality.

How could you ever forget those times when we felt sleepless at nights; tossing and turning rampantly on the bed,

Eventually falling asleep with your heart throbbing close to mine; in due admiration of the twinkling stars.

How could you ever forget the moments when we studied together; unrelentingly browsing through a conglomerate of fine lines,

Trying our best to decipher baffling enigmas; inspiring each other to put in our very best.

How could you ever forget the exhilaration we had while attempting to catch each other; running wildly in the grass,

The mischievous squeals that emanated from your mouth; the instant I apprehended you.

How could you ever forget those cooking sessions that we had in the kitchen; with both of us being perfect amateurs to the art,

Haphazardly trying to slice through fruit; producing inarticulate slices of the melon as an inevitable aftermath.

How could you ever forget those sporadic outbursts of jealousy that we had; profusely condemning and rebuking each other,

The times when we mixed with aliens; tried to indulge in frivolous relationships with the same.

How could you ever forget the way you blushed; the first time I proposed you,

The felicity in our eyes; the rhapsody that engulfed our persona; when we knew we were going to be bonded together.

You were smiling and there with me till yesterday; until the creator uncouthly snatched you away from me,

Please come back to me my mesmerizing sweetheart; for I have not the power to erase our memories; will definitely relinquish breath without you.

49. WHEN SHE ARRIVED

When she arrived ; the cluster of fragrant flowers in the garden bent down in meek submission,

When she arrived; the birds soaring high in the sky chirped all the more vociferously; attempting to make their presence felt,

When she arrived; warm shivers ran down through the roots of colossal trees,

When she arrived; the minuscule rivulets in the river; rose up to become swirling waves; in animated ecstasy,

When she arrived; feeble rays of the sun brilliantly shimmered; profoundly illuminating the atmosphere,

When she arrived; the insipid blades of frigid grass stood up with exhilarated alacrity,

When she arrived; fleet footed squirrels in proximity gnawed more voraciously at the nut trapped within their jaws,

When she arrived; puffs of lackadaisical clouds in the cosmos transited to tantalizing black thunder,

When she arrived; the majestic peacock uninhibitedly spread its kingly feathers to a complete blossom,

When she arrived; the reptiles slithered painstakingly emanating sizzling noises; on the periphery of semi soaked ground,

When she arrived; the bees in their hives produced more honey than ever before; inundating the still atmosphere with their incessant buzzing,

When she arrived; a plethora of frogs croaked loquaciously in the well; ostentatiously expanding the yellow sacs inhabiting their body,

When she arrived; gloomy worms crawling through the bushes radiated a resplendently brilliant shine,

When she arrived; the chameleon ebulliently changed its color; displaying shades of mesmerizing vibrancy,

When she arrived; the multi-legged spider ran several paces faster in its silken web; bustling to and fro to devour its imprisoned prey,

When she arrived; the pair of crimson crested parrots entwined their beaks in each other; intractably refraining to separate themselves,

When she arrived; light complexioned leaves of the cactus converted to an alluring sapphire,

When she arrived; scores of monkeys gyrated on the tree tops; frivolously tossing succulent fruit on the earth,

When she arrived; all hatred circumventing the ambience was miraculously transmuted into immortal love,

When she arrived; gods in the sky forgot to do their work; admiring the form they had created in open mouthed consternation,

And when she arrived; I felt an insatiable urge to live; for the first time in my life felt like a complete man.

50. YOU WERE LIKE THAT OMNIPRESENT GOD IN MY LIFE

You were like that crimson rose in my life; which seldom lost its fragrance; inundating the atmosphere with its heavenly smell,

You were like that rain cloud in my life; which incessantly showered rain; nourishing the earth profoundly with its caress,

You were like that concrete wall in my life; which didn't break under the most onerous of load; remained unperturbed under the most deafening of dynamite explosion,

You were like that gigantic ocean in my life; which never reduced its level; swirled magnificently in the ravishing breeze,

You were like that foliated tree in my life; which never shed a single leaf; gave a perennial supply of succulent fruit,

You were like that sea blue nightingale in my life; which unrelentingly chirped notes of mesmerizing music,

You were like that sacrosanct cow in my life; which yielded a salubrious supply of immaculate milk,

You were like that twinkling star in my life; which radiated for indefatigable hours; was first to appear in the sky,

You were like that exquisite fountain ink in my life; which kept on embossing intricate lines of calligraphy; granting overwhelming empathy to words,

You were like that inflated balloon in my life; which soared abreast the kingly eagles in proximity of the satiny clouds; didn't loose its balance and stoicism even in the most turbulent of storm,

You were like that colossal whale in my life; which left millions in a stupor after witnessing its form; ruled the ocean for centuries immemorial,

You were like that impeccable color in my life; which didn't develop an iota of blemish; even when ruthlessly dipped in the most acrid of paint,

You were like that blade of grass in my life; which remained as green as ever; even when its counterparts withered under the acrimonious tyranny of the sun,

You were like that tower clock in my life; whose needles never stumbled and stopped; despite of the cells being exhausted,

You were like that pack of soft cards in my life; which always seemed to incredibly win,

You were like that wonderful lane in my life; which never seemed to end; transforming mundane life into ebullient spirit of adventure,

You were like that blissful dream in my life; which catapulted me to unprecedented heights of jubilation,

You were like that scarlet blood circulating through my body; which reinvigorated my heart and dreary bones; every unleashing minute,

You were like that celestial fairy in my life; circumventing me with waves of enchantment and robust energy,

And you were like that omnipresent God in my life; whom we christen by different names; but in the end bow our heads low under his supreme grace.

## The End .
 
You die; I die – Love Poems – Part 7

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my Book as above described , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

### 

###

###

### Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

About The Poetry Book - This Book which has 50 differently titled Poems is actually Part 7 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. I WANTED TO BREATHE, SLEEP, EAT WITH YOUR NAME

2. TO MAKE HER HAPPY   
3. THE MILLION DOLLAR KISS

4. BELOVED   
5. WOULD YOU EVER BELIEVE

6. PLEASE DON'T MIND   
7. IN ORDER TO BREAK THE MONOTONY

8. NOSTALGIA   
9. CAN YOU FIND ME   
10. WHEN I THOUGHT ABOUT THE WORLD   
11. YOU AND I   
12. UTTERING HER NAME   
13. SOMEWHERE

14. COMPASSIONATELY IN LOVE

15. THE THING   
16. IMPRISONED   
17. I WOULD CONSIDER MYSELF THE RICHEST   
18. THE PLATE OF LOVE   
19. USE YOUR HEART   
20. WE STILL LOVED EACH OTHER   
21. WHERE THERE IS LOVE

22. THE THING I FEARED THE MOST

23. THE BISCUIT OF LOVE   
24. WHEN I WANDERED THROUGH THE LANE OF LOVE   
25. IF I WERE YOUR HEART   
26. BREAKING BARRIERS   
27. ASK MY LIFE   
28. AS IF THE MOST ULTIMATE OF KINGS.

29. WHY DID I LOVE TO PERPETUALLY LOVE.

30. NO NEW DEFINITIONS

31. I'D PREFER TO LIVE; THAN DIE WITH ALONGWITH YOU.

32. HOMELESS- IN ALL MY MIND; BODY AND SOUL.

33. IMMORTAL LOVE- IS IN GIVING HAPPINESS.

34. AS ALL THE HEART EVER KNEW.

35. SHE REALLY, TRULY AND IMMORTALLY LOVED YOU.

36. WORRY. WORRY. WORRY. INFINITE TIMES WORRY.

37. I'D STILL INSTANTANEOUSLY DIE .

38. UNDER THE VERY BROADEST OF DAYLIGHT

39. TOWARDS THE HEARBEAT OF OMNIPOTENT LIFE.

40. LOVER'S EYE.   
41. OUR RELATIONSHIP.

42. WILL YOU STILL ACCEPT ME AS YOUR HUSBAND ?

43. LETS FOREVER STAY; SOLELY AND ONLY AS IMMORTAL LOVERS.

44. LOVE STORIES ARE IMMORTAL

45. THE GARLAND OF IMMORTAL LOVE   
46. AS MUCH AS I LOVED HER

47. THE MOST BLESSED

48. YOU WERE THE ONLY ONE

49. I WOULD STILL CONTINUE TO LOVE HER

50. CLINGING TO MY BELOVED

1. I WANTED TO BREATHE, SLEEP, EAT WITH YOUR NAME

I wanted to breathe your name each time I exhaled out air; impregnating the atmosphere with your mystical fragrance,

Facilitating your entity to settle; occupying all quarters of my cloistered room.

I wanted to sight your name each time I opened my eyes; granting it a status of being blissfully omnipresent,

Making me thoroughly oblivious to the tyranny of the world; the ghastly incidences unleashing themselves on the crowded street.

I wanted to hear your name each time sound drifted into my ears; transforming all other noise into your splendor,

Making your voice my song for the brilliant morning as well as my rhyme for the freezing night.

I wanted to recite your name each time I opened my lips; circumventing my face with an inevitable smile,

Imparting rubicund color to the corners of my cheek; and an enchanting glow to the fortress of my teeth.

I wanted to imprison your name each time I clenched my fists; keeping it forever locked in my embrace,

Shielding it wholesomely from nefarious looks of the world; the lechery of savage souls existing on this globe.

I wanted to digest your name each time I consumed food; enabling me to keep you in proximity with my intestines,

Eventually becoming an indispensable constituent of my blood; circulating rambunctiously through my veins.

I wanted to envisage your name each time I felt like dreaming; profoundly incorporating my mind with your mesmerizing images,

Catapulting me to unprecedented territories of paradise; the very instant I wanted too.

I wanted to incarcerate your name on my tongue each time I felt thirsty; to satiate the burning chords bouncing in my throat,

Celestially pacifying my desires; leading me to holistic pathways of spiritual healing.

I wanted to write your name in grandiloquent bold letters each time my fingers itched to move; accentuating it profoundly on bonded paper,

Portraying the enlightening effect that it has; when sighted in embossed script.

And I wanted to remember your name with the first beams of evanescent dawn; and the last minute before shutting my eyes,

Blessing me with loads of courage to fight the acerbic day; sleep as unperturbed as god in the ominous night.

2. TO MAKE HER HAPPY

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was spill some milk on the glistening floor; wipe my nose on her immaculate apron,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I prepared appetizing lunch for the afternoon; scrupulously with my own hands.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was rebuke her sardonically for a plethora of her household chores,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I embellished her hair with crimson colored rose; gently caressed her soft cheek.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was say that she wasn't looking extravagant in her new dress,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I swirled her in my arms; hoisting her high in the sky towards the resplendent stars.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was look pretty nonchalant when she arrived home back from shopping,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I sprung at her with surprise gifting her with a shining pearl; which I had evacuated myself from within the fathomless ocean.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was asking her whether "titanic" was indeed a ship; after she had narrated the entire story,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I honestly told her that she was the only girl I had loved in my life; she was my "rose" of my heart.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was to call her indescribable names,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I assisted her in washing the tainted utensils; vigorously scrubbing the fetid clothes lying in a bedraggled heap.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was to babble incoherently every time she felt sleepy at night,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I massaged her dreary feet; sung mystical rhymes to put her back into a heavenly slumber.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was refrain to budge an inch from my bed; with brilliant sunshine circumventing our room,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I carried her on my back down the volley of stairs; avoiding to travel by the ostentatious elevator.

In order to annoy her all I had to; was forget our anniversary; the day we actually bound in threads of holy matrimony,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I astounded her by filling the crevice between her hair with my own blood.

In order to annoy her all I had to do; was talk about a plethora of girls I had encountered on the street,

And then to make her happy was even simpler; as I proclaimed loudly to the outside world without the slightest of inhibition; that she was the most beautiful woman existing on this earth; the only girl that I had for many births of mine; imprisoned in my heart.

3. THE MILLION DOLLAR KISS

When she saw me; she made me feel that I was the most handsome man on this earth,

I felt as if God had cast his omnipotent eyes on me; granting my persona an impeccable status to survive.

When she talked to me; she made me feel that I was tangible and existing,

I felt as if God had whispered mystically in my dreams; making me imbibe the essence of life.

When she smiled at me; she made me feel that I was someone extra special,

I felt as if God had granted me reprieve from my plethora of sins; inundated my soul with loads of happiness.

When she ran her fingers through my hair; she made me feel that I was a messenger of love,

I felt as if God had blessed me with his sacrosanct palms; impregnated in my visage the tenacity to live and let live.

When she held my hands; she made me feel that I had a fortress to lean upon,

I felt as if God had endowed me with unsurpassable resilience; his shadow to seek solace in my times of bizarre distress.

When she fed me with ravishing food; she made me feel that I was never hungry,

I felt as if God had perpetually filled my stomach; stuffed it with the most sumptuous meal available in this world.

When she tickled me frivolously in my ribs; she made me feel the stupendous exultation of existence,

I felt as if God had returned me back my innocuous childhood; placed upon an immortal bed of dreams.

When she put me to sleep; she made me feel that I was blissfully breathing,

I felt as if God had exorbitantly rewarded me for my day; showering upon my dreary eyes the virtue of eternal rest.

And when she kissed me; she made me feel that I had infinite reasons to live,

I felt as if God had given me the greatest treasure of my life; made me the richest person in past and pragmatic present; to be alive.

4. BELOVED

In an ambience of rustic jungle trees; with their branches dangling incongruously towards the ground,

In a backdrop of colossal mountains; with their summits sailing handsomely in the clouds,

In a cloistered environment; sequestered partially from the blazing sun,

In an island of marshy swamps; inundated with a plethora of languidly drifting logwood; puddles of muddy slush bountifully dispersed,

Resides the ominous and hideous; serrated skinned alligator.

In an atmosphere of golden dew drops; shimmering vividly under the moon,

In a conglomerate of satiny puffs of sky; stooping effeminately down,

In a mesmerizing lake; circumvented from all sides by the steep valley,

In a stony silence prevailing eternally; with the only sound being evanescent ripples caused by wading birds,

Resides the redolently pink and supremely voluptuous; fragrant lotus.

In a camouflage of broken twigs; and incommensurate stalks of dried grass,

In a compactly hollow space; neatly imprisoned by slender tower walls,

In a whiplash of heavy wind; incessantly blowing in tenacious draughts,

In a congenial warmth; provided indefatigably by the bird mother,

Resides the palpable egg blended with yolk; of the hostile vulture.

In a citadel constructed of savage stone; reinforced with umpteenth bars of strong metal,

In an enclosure of acrimonious glass; scattered in hostile shards all around,

In a jugglery of iron chains; viciously strapped around all parts of the body,

In a room completely obfuscated from the most minuscule beam of light; threadbare chunks of rotten bread being the only solace for nocturnal meal,

Resides the longhaired and diabolically toothed; nefarious convict.

In the vicinity of tubular corals; swirling waves intermittently dismantling the tentacles of potbellied octopus,

In an ingratiating serene provided by the unrelenting froth; gently permeating the sands,

In an ensemble of entwined bushes; with protruding and spongy thorns,

In a myriad of rising bubbles; trying incessantly to reach the surface of gigantic sea,

Resides the scintillating and slime coated; incorrigibly virgin oyster.

In an ocean of honey; with sticky droplets of pure nectar oozing out,

In a network of dilapidated pillars; sometimes profoundly tall trees,

In direct confrontation with stringent light from the sun; uncouthly heating its periphery,

In a constant pandemonium; of cacophonic noise compounded with incoherent buzzing,

Resides the delectably boisterous and poignant; small bodied humming bee.

In a surrounding of indiscriminate violence; massacring of the impeccably innocent,

In the hearts of ruthless assassins; butchering the needy for fat wads of currency,

In a nation with incidences of rampant bloodshed; headed by a fleet of power hungry politicians,

In a world where there are nuclear wars; on the spurious grounds of caste and creed,

Resides a feeling of utter abhorrence; embedded with the perennial virtue of hatred.

In the sacrosanct walls of heaven; emollient with the scent of divinity,

In the dormitories of unprejudiced justice; profusely besieged by equality towards all,

In a land replete with mystical fairies; an immortal paradise to exist forever,

In the visage of omnipotent power; unprecedented empathy towards distressing pain,

Resides the stupendously omnipresent who created this earth; the one whom we christen by the sacerdotal name of creator.

And in the aisles of desire; languishing in the corridor of blissful romance,

In the tunnel of unceasing fascination; juxtaposed with webs of unparalleled imagination,

In a cascade of silken follicles; nimbly caressing her holistic back,

In the cage of uninhibited pleasure; drowning me incredulously in the moistness of her breath,

Resides my ravishing and marvelously enchanting; immaculate beloved.

5. WOULD YOU EVER BELIEVE

Would you ever believe if I called a nondescript table of teakwood; as a vivacious bird soaring high in the sky,

Would you ever believe if I called a ruffled sheet of paper; as a chunk of glittering gold,

Would you ever believe if I called a grandiloquent watch embodied with diamonds; as a lump of bedraggled stone,

Would you ever believe if I called a mountain of compacted mud; as a switchboard of pugnacious electricity,

Would you ever believe if I called a resplendent rainbow in the sky; as a broomstick with incongruous bristles,

Would you ever believe if I called a rusty canister of dilapidated iron; as a mesmerizing rose growing in the garden,

Would you ever believe if I called a pink tablet of luxury soap; as a mosquito hovering acrimoniously in the cloistered room,

Would you ever believe if I called a boat rollicking merrily on the undulating waves; as a rustic jungle spider,

Would you ever believe if I called a valley profusely embedded with snow; as an unscrupulous dog on the street,

Would you ever believe if I called a pair of luscious lips; as a disdainfully fetid shoe,

Would you ever believe if I called a fluorescent rod of light; as a jagged bush of cactus growing in the sweltering desert,

Would you ever believe if I called the blazing sun; as a pudgy bar of delectable chocolate,

Would you ever believe if I called an angular sculptured bone; as acid bubbling in a swanky bottle,

Would you ever believe if I called a scintillating oyster; as an inarticulate matchstick coated with lead,

Would you ever believe if I called a cluster of bells jingling from the ceiling; as a sordid cockroach philandering beside the lavatory seat,

Would you ever believe if I called a fruit of succulent coconut; as a dead mans morbid tooth,

Would you ever believe If I called a steaming cup of filter coffee; as gaudily colored water emanating from the street fountains,

Would you ever believe if I called the majestic statue of a revered historian; as a slab of tangy peanut butter,

Would you ever believe if I called a vibrant shirt; as a protuberant pigeon discerningly pecking its beak at grains scattered on the floor,

Would you ever believe if I called a flocculent bud of cotton; as a camouflaged lizard transgressing through wild projections of grass,

Would you ever believe if I called a photograph depicting the steep gorges; as a gutter inundated with obnoxious sewage,

Would you ever believe if I called a lanky giraffe; as a convict nefariously lurking through solitary streets of the city,

Would you ever believe if I called a pair of flamboyant sunglasses; as a weird tattoo to be adhered to the chest,

Would you ever believe if I called a chicken's egg; as logs of sooty charcoal abundantly stashed in the colossal warehouse,

Would you ever believe if I called a biscuit replete with golden honey; as a ominously slithering reptile in the jungles,

Would you ever believe if I called a bald man possessing a profoundly tonsured scalp; as a gas balloon floating in insipid air,

Would you ever believe if I called a ring embellished with crystal diamonds; as an inconspicuous and distorted metallic pin,

Would you ever believe if I called a crimson crested parrot; as a tray containing frozen ice,

Would you ever believe if I called a glass made of pallid plastic; as a gargantuan well flooded with water and dead frogs,

Would you ever believe if I called wooden beams dangling from the ceiling; as finely squelched juice of red radish,

Would you ever believe if I called an articulately painted canvas; as slime coated fossil lying in close proximity with the seabed,

Would you ever believe if I called a diminutive tadpole; as a fortified wall commensurately aligned with burnt bricks,

Would you ever believe if I called a mammoth elephant; as rotten pulp of mango being tossed indiscriminately on the street,

Would you ever believe if I called a truck inundated with cumbersome machines; as an aromatic seed of plant,

Would you ever believe if I called a sheet of crisp paper; as a rubicund fruit of juicy plum,

Would you ever believe if I called a trouser of jaded jeans; as a greeting card fudged with scores of ostentatious lines,

Would you ever believe if I called a ravishing pair of eyelashes; as a disheveled pantry inhabited with clusters of stray mice,

Would you ever believe if I called a dazzling yellow helmet; as a preposterously huge whale of the ocean,

Would you ever believe if I called a piquant stick of chili; as an animated butterfly fluttering at low heights from the ground,

Would you ever believe if I called a hideously black rope; as a mushroom sizzling in the blistering oven,

Would you ever believe if I called a magazine of lead bullets; as an avalanche of snow plummeting down the mountain at turbulent speeds,

Would you ever believe if I called an incredibly cool air-conditioner; as a curry of decayed cream lying obsolete in the garbage heap,

Would you ever believe if I called a scintillating tooth; as a big toe of a striped panther,

Would you ever believe if I called a jazzy strip of belt; as a corrugated assemblage of tree roots,

Would you ever believe if I called a slate of pure chalk; as a tier floating harmlessly in water,

Would you ever believe if I called a chain with infinite loops; as a graveyard sprawled with morbid coffins,

Would you ever believe if I called a pot bellied tortoise; as a languid peel of paint hanging lackadaisically from the nondescript wall,

Would you ever believe if I called a shimmering coin of currency; as a zany zebra galloping at whirlwind speeds through the desert,

Would you ever believe if I called a bottle of inebriating rum; as a frigid contact lens agglutinated to the eye,

Would you ever believe if I called sacrosanct religion; as licentious profanity,

Would you ever believe if I called candid truth; as a profoundly blatant lie,

Would you ever believe if I called the omniscient personality of God; as a perniciously diabolical devil,

And would you ever believe if I called True Love; as a spurious product of imagination; a frivolous case of casual infatuation

6. PLEASE DON'T MIND

Please don't mind if I visited your dwelling wearing battered shoes; with my lace obnoxiously sprawled across and a myriad of holes blatantly visible in my socks,

As I had poignant reflections of your face circulating in my dreams; was prepared to leap in blistering fires at the slightest of insinuation you gave me.

Please don't mind if the shirt clinging tautly to my silhouette had a plethora of wrinkles; abhorrent blotches of black sweat appeared on the collar,

As I perceived you to be the most wonderful person in the world; would take all those daggers hurled at you; directly on my bare chest.

Please don't mind if my hands were coated with slimy grease; incongruous stubs of nails extruded from my fingers,

As I uttered your celestial name with the first rays of evanescent dawn; was wholesomely ready to bear the brunt of rebukes passed on you by the uncouth society.

Please don't mind if I didn't possess dexterous eloquence to speak; the charisma of a prince incarcerated in my demeanor,

As I unrelentingly fantasized about your mesmerizing voice all day; would consume even obdurate stones; if that is what you decided to serve me for nocturnal supper.

Please don't mind if my lips were profusely chapped; my teeth didn't display a scintillating shine,

As I could spot your ingratiating smile amidst millions; would perennially stay close to your feet even if you mercilessly whipped me.

Please don't mind if I had unshaven cheeks; with clusters of incongruous hair protruding out in misalignment,

As I would try my stupendous best to sequester you from the slightest of dust blowing; engulf your persona from all sides to protect you from the piercing cold.

Please don't mind if I walked incoherently; unable to emulate the articulate steps of a jeweled prince,

As I would make sure your dainty feet refrained to touch the tainted earth; carrying you wherever you went on my rubicund shoulders.

Please don't mind if I didn't embellish my neck with pearls; adorn my fingers with dazzling gold,

As I would discriminate you from all opulent existing in this world; decimate all those individuals who ever tried to purchase you.

Please don't mind if I didn't wear flamboyant sun shades over my eyes; went rampantly philandering through undulating mountain slopes and wild territory,

As I would like you to use them as a pellucid mirror; every time you had the insatiable urge to sight your face.

Please don't mind if I was oblivious to pulverizing my food with forks and knives; blending and kneading it with my raw hands,

As I would make sure you ate the best of delicacies; would prepare delectably appetizing meals for you with my very own hands.

Please don't mind if I emitted rambunctious snores while in deep slumber; inundating the atmosphere with a profoundly sounding cacophonic buzz,

As I would see to it that you slept like a queen all night; safeguarding you against ominous evil lurking in close proximity.

And please don't mind If I didn't have exorbitant wealth; biscuits of gold to eat for breakfast; pools replete with resplendent silver to submerge my visage in,

As I would famish myself to bizarre limits; wholesomely ensuring you were gratified every moment; tears of unprecedented ecstasy dribbled incessantly from your eyes; till the time you existed

7. IN ORDER TO BREAK THE MONOTONY

In order to break the monotony of the straight brick wall; aligned commensurately with immaculately polished stone,

What I did was; to emboss its surface with vivid graffiti; pillage it with holes for fresh air to ventilate through.

In order to break the monotony of the corrugated bar of steel; embedded deep in the ground,

What I did was; to simply curve its periphery to a high pitched angularity; let my saliva dribble over its surface to make it glisten.

In order to break the monotony of the newly ironed shirt; suspended from the drawers; with buttons tightly imprisoned,

What I did was; to crumple it in a heap; submerge it in a pool of perspiration for the natural scent to take over.

In order to break the monotony of plaited hair; stringently incarcerated beneath a plastic bag,

What I did was; to shampoo them vigorously till my hands ached; dexterously use my scissors to chisel them into incoherent shapes.

In order to break the monotony of nondescript chunks of clay; lying amalgamated in colossal heaps,

What I did was; to adroitly mould a swanky statue out of them; then painting the same with gaudy color.

In order to break the monotony of bland food lying solitary on the table; with a cluster of disdainful flies buzzing around,

What I did was; to impregnate it by adding pinches piquant chili; heaps of pulverized rock salt for imparting the meal with a ravishing flavor.

In order to the break the monotony of rectangular granules of sugar; stashed agglutinated to each other in the pellucid bottle,

What I did was; finely crush them into crystalline powder; sprinkling them on molten ice; making them shimmer under the moon.

In order to break the monotony of the nonchalant room; well embellished with exquisite carpets; and mammoth curtain shades camouflaging the windowpanes,

What I did was; to install wacky gizmos all around the ambience; and let sizzling rays of sunshine fumigate the cloistered interiors.

In order to break the monotony of incessant sheets of glass; riveted firmly to the silhouette of dressing table,

What I did was; shatter them into multiple fragments using a sharp stone; then ludicrously laughed at my grotesquely distorted reflection, which emanated.

In order to break the monotony of the placid river; flowing languidly from bank to bank,

What I did was; to voraciously move my fishing rod in the water; thereby producing a flurry of mesmerizing ripples.

In order to break the monotony of work; unrelenting browsing through scores of office records,

What I did was; to take a brisk walk along the seaside; with the frothy waves delectably striking my weary eyes.

And in order to break the monotony of my heart; palpitating at regular speeds all throughout the sweltering day,

What I did was; to marry the girl of my dreams; and then philander with her in a space rocket; exuberantly making it throb a hundred beats faster.

8. NOSTALGIA

The fish slithering in the claustrophobic swimming tank; had a nostalgia for swirling waters of the gargantuan ocean,

The flower sprouting from the cloistered pot; had a nostalgia for growing in farm soil; with an ambience of wind blowing tenaciously,

The spider crawling in dingy corners of the dilapidated mansion; had a nostalgia for traversing through vivacious threads of web; dangling from trees in the amazon forest,

The crimson beaked bird incarcerated in grilled cage; had a nostalgia for flapping its wings exuberantly in the sky,

The blistering lava imprisoned at unprecedented depths beneath the ground; had a nostalgia to fulminate into infinite fountains in fresh air,

The globules of fat moisture trapped in ominous thunder clouds; had a nostalgia for cascading down rampantly in the form of glistening rain,

The biscuits of glittering gold embedded in dilapidated dungeons; had a nostalgia for; people admiring them in dazzling rays of the sun,

The lifeless panther embodied in the mammoth photograph; had a nostalgia for coming out alive; open his jaws in a domineering growl,

The blind man traversing on the streets with a disdainful stick; had a nostalgia for sighting the world; fantasizing it in its most stupendous form ever,

The battalion of frogs in the solitary and deep well; had a nostalgia for bathing in pools of monsoon water,

The hunch backed camel trespassing through the crowded city streets; had a nostalgia for wandering languidly in the sandy desert,

The diminutive flames of wax candle stifling with the slightest of breeze; had a nostalgia for being the escalating flames of a crackling fire,

The granules of white salt jailed tightly in pellucid bottles; had a nostalgia for being sprawled on the saline sea shores,

The scientists stalling for time on marshy soil; had a nostalgia every minute for inhabiting the opalescent moon,

The tones of noxious gas encapsulated in an inflated balloon; had a nostalgia for whistling past the air at lightening speeds,

The pallid milk stored in canisters of rusty iron; had a nostalgia for oozing out from blossoming teats of the sacrosanct cow,

The people residing in alien countries; had a nostalgia for returning back as quickly as possible to blend with their native mud,

The orphaned child wailing incoherently on the dusty roads; had a nostalgia for embracing his departed mother,

And every palpable entity treading on this earth; had a nostalgia for finding its soul mate; languishing in the aisles of desire and perpetual relationship; till the time it inhaled air and blissfully existed.

9. CAN YOU FIND ME

Can you find me a wave; which does not wet the sandy shores even after nimbly striking them,

Can you find me a lavender lotus; which does not emanate fragrance even after ripening to a full blossom,

Can you find me a solitary patch of cloud in the sky; which does not shower inclement rain; even after acquiring shades of hideous black,

Can you find me a stone; which does not produce a clanging noise even after colliding thunderously with the obdurate ground,

Can you find me a snake; which does not bare its venomous fangs; even after getting intensely provoked,

Can you find me a chunk of rosewood; which does not decay; even after being submerged incessantly in fetid water,

Can you find me a leech; which does not suck blood; even after clinging to naked patches of skin,

Can you find me a balloon; which does not get deflated; even after being pricked by a pointed iron needle,

Can you find me a crystal diamond; which does not shine; even after being vigorously polished,

Can you find me a globule of white sugar; which does not impart a sweet taste; even after being tenaciously chewed,

Can you find me a spider; which does not spin its silken web; even after being placed in a cozy ambience of densely foliated trees,

Can you find me a cardigan; which does not provide warmth in winter; even after being stitched with fibers of pure sheep wool,

Can you find me a spring; which incorrigibly refrains to compress; even after application of unrelenting pressure,

Can you find me a matchstick; which flounders to ignite; even after brushing against the surface of acerbic crusty paper,

Can you find me a shoe; which does not leave a footprint; even after scrupulously transgressing the wet earth,

Can you find me a tomato; which does not erupt into multiple fragments of red; even after squashing it savagely with feet,

Can you find me a rotund marble; which does not roll; even after being left on an impeccably smooth floor,

Can you find me a pellucid mirror; which does not reflect beams of white light; even after holding it stringently beneath the scintillating sun,

Can you find me a building; whose foundations do not dither; even after facing the onslaught of the tumultuous earthquake,

Can you find me a river; which does not rambunctiously flow; even after plummeting down from the slope of the colossal mountain,

And can you find me a heart; which does not turbulently throb; even after witnessing the love of its life; the person it profoundly believes in.

10. WHEN I THOUGHT ABOUT THE WORLD

When I thought about the world from inside a squalid gutter; with an abhorrently fetid stench permeating into my nostrils,

I perceived it to be extremely dirty; with scraps of tarnished paper inhabiting every prevalent street.

When I thought about the world soaring high in the sky; circumvented by an ambience of silken clouds and birds,

I visualized it to be a tiny place; with inconspicuous structures projecting in scores from its trajectory.

When I thought about the world from beneath unfathomable depths of the ocean; an assemblage of salty water entrenching me in entirety,

I imagined it to be a profoundly wet place; with infinite spaces of land soaked in slippery liquid.

When I thought about the world standing in middle of the desert; sweltering winds blended with sand striking my persona tenaciously,

I conceived it to be an overwhelmingly dusty place; with people sweating profusely under dazzling rays of the sun.

When I thought about the world languishing in an island of redolent flowers; the mesmerizing odor of blossoming rose tickling me to high realms of sedation,

I cognized it to be a stupendously fragrant place; with every organism lurking on its soil diffusing astronomical amounts of scent.

When I thought about the world sitting in a factory of firecrackers; incredulous contraptions of dynamite exploding intermittently all around,

I pictured it to be a tumultuously noisy place; incorporated with individuals who yelled expending full capacity of their lungs; every time they felt the urge to speak.

When I thought about the world digging a coal mine thousands of feet below the ground; a ghastly darkness sequestering me from pragmatic reality,

I envisaged it to be an utterly gloomy place; with all animate residing enveloped by depression; and the sun incorrigibly refraining to shine.

When I thought about the world; lying surreptitiously hidden within the interiors of the government treasury; boundless clusters of crisp notes making it onerous for me to breathe,

I contemplated it to be inundated with money; school children scribbling finishing their assignments on currency sheets; instead of using plain paper.

When I thought about the world gallivanting through the dense forests; slithering reptiles transgressing ominously through the bushes; lethal alligators scrawling up the marshy swamps,

I assumed it to be a place impregnated with savage men; with rustic cakes of cow-dung adhered to house walls instead of conventional plaster.

And eventually when I thought about the world incarcerated in the arms of my beloved; the moistness in her breath virtually putting me off to sleep,

I imagined it to be an astounding paradise; with a harmonious synergy existing between the young; the old; and the deprived.

11. YOU AND I

You and I were as inseparable; as the calcium coated nail and its slender finger,

You and I were as inseparable; as the fleshy eyelid and its transparent eyeball,

You and I were as inseparable; as nostrils and their moist waves of breath,

You and I were as inseparable; as a conglomerate of entwined roots and their rustic tree stalk,

You and I were as inseparable; as perpetually pearly moon and its shine,

You and I were as inseparable; as the chamber of mouth and its crimson complexioned tongue,

You and I were as inseparable; as a person traversing the streets and his magnified shadow,

You and I were as inseparable; as the blossoming rose and its mesmerizing redolence,

You and I were as inseparable; as the colossal expanse of blue sky and its cotton wool of clouds,

You and I were as inseparable; as mammoth ocean waters and their dangerously swirling waves,

You and I were as inseparable; as the ominous looking panther and his thunderous growl,

You and I were as inseparable; as the vivaciously chirping bird and its pair of tender wings,

You and I were as inseparable; as the crusty bar of chocolate and its lingering sweetness,

You and I were as inseparable; as the fiery body of sun and its infinite numbers of dazzling rays,

You and I were as inseparable; as the robust mountain sheep and its tufts of furry skin,

You and I were as inseparable; as the celestial fairy and the unfathomable beauty circumventing her face,

You and I were as inseparable; as the candle and its incessantly burning flame,

You and I were as inseparable; as the loving mother and her newly born child,

You and I were as inseparable; as the venomous snake and its stream of lethal poison,

and you and i were as inseparable; as the Omnipresent Almighty; and his lakhs of disciples; residing in different quarters of earth.

12. UTTERING HER NAME

When I battered my fists against the acerbic strips of glass; infinite pores on my skin started to bleed profusely,

However when I did the same uttering her name; the glass broke into an ocean of splinters; and my hand escaped unhurt without a scratch.

When I indignantly stopped my nose from inhaling breath; I let out marathon gasps after a few seconds,

However when I did the same uttering her name; I could hold on much longer in my deplorable attempt.

When I inscribed a jugglery of design with a knife on my bare chest; I felt capsized by tumultuous pain,

However when I attempted doing the same loudly chanting her name; the anguish seemed to vanish into thin wisps of oblivion.

When I tried masticating metal with my fortress of teeth; I swooned on the ground unconscious with a cluster of them strewn beside my scalp,

However when I proceeded to do the same whispering her mystical name; the disdainful metal transited to silken honey.

When I tried to pummel the wall boisterously striking my impetuous knuckles;

my fingers contracted a series of multiple fracture,

However when I did the same uttering her name; the mighty wall broke and the bricks came tumbling down.

When I clambered the slippery slopes of the treacherous mountain; I lost my footing midway; hurtling down towards the earth head on,

However when I tried doing the same singing her name; the mountain summit looked like a piece of cake; and I conquered the same in flash seconds of time.

When I tried consuming vials of poison; indispensable blood froze abruptly in my veins;

my silhouette lay numb; with a deathly blue incorporating my body,

However when I drank the same uttering her name; the venom converted itself into pure milk; and I bounced merrily with resplendent euphoria.

When I leapt from unprecedented heights of the edifice; I struck the earth with tremendous velocity; staying in perpetual coma for days,

However when I committed the same feat uttering her name; the ground I landed turned itself into spongy Dunlop; and I got rejuvenated by the through stimulation.

When I walked on blazing fires barefoot; the inner soles of my feet were rendered maim for the remainder of my life,

However when I executed the same calling her name; burning embers of the insidious fire felt like refrigerated ice; tickling my demeanor extravagantly.

I had lived all my life in blissful contentment; envisaging the beauty of her mesmerizing fragrance,

And eventually when the time came to depart for my heavenly abode; I still didn't feel the pain; as I faintly recited her sacrosanct name

13. SOMEWHERE

Somewhere in the boundless stacks of golden hay; there lies incorporated an intricately pointed needle,

Somewhere in the sprawling fields of wild creepers; there exists the poignantly scented rose,

Somewhere in the enormous barrels of lethal poison; there lies impregnated; frugal pinches of profoundly sweet honey,

Somewhere in the arid land of the colossal desert; there lies a shimmering pool of slippery oasis,

Somewhere in the ominous castle with dilapidated interiors; there lives the mesmerizing and celestial fairy,

Somewhere in bland chunks of food; there lies embedded parsimonious fillings of piquant salt,

Somewhere in the vast expanse of black charcoal board; there lies embodied conspicuous lines of white chalk,

Somewhere in the midst of the mammoth ocean; there exists the preposterously huge whale,

Somewhere in the conglomerate of disdainfully dusty stones; there lies encapsulated the lustrous white pearl,

Somewhere in the field of hideously snaring reptiles; there exists an fur skinned innocuous rabbit,

Somewhere in the assemblage of utensils producing a discordantly clanging noise; there exists a perpetually silent pigeon feather,

Somewhere in the disheveled heap of blotted cloth; there lies a garment of impeccable and glistening silk,

Somewhere in the mangles debris of blistering lava; there exists a ravishingly cool spring of crystalline water,

Somewhere amidst the ensemble of dead bodies incarcerated in stone coffins; there exists sporadic incidences of fresh life,

Somewhere in the midst of bedraggled urchins incessantly begging for alms; there lives a jeweled prince,

Somewhere in the smoldering ashes of crackling fire; there exists the newly born child,

Somewhere in the thick of intense corruption; abysmal incidences of unsurpassable lechery; there exists a solitarily honest man,

Somewhere in gruesome darkness for a million kilometers in the jungle; there exists a minuscule beam of stringent light,

Somewhere amidst a consortium of satanic devils trying to destroy the earth; there exists the omniscient creator,

And somewhere in this mundane world; with blood sucking individuals inhabiting every nook and cranny; there exists an unbiased girl who can love me like no one else ever did; making me feel every unfurling minute that I was alive.

14. COMPASSIONATELY IN LOVE

I saw her mesmerizing face in the walls; while pouring sizzling tea in my

cup,

Although I soon realized that I was rampantly fantasizing; as the steaming

liquid burnt my skin; spilling over the immaculate material of my trousers.

I saw her magnanimous silhouette in the rocks; while driving my car through

circuitous routes of the valley,

Although I soon realized that it was a figment of my imagination; as the car

swerved violently colliding with the hand rail; overlooking a few thousand

feet into panoramic space.

I saw her jelly blue eyes while walking on each vehicle; while walking through

the congested street,

Although I soon realized that I was dreaming under the sun; as compact cars

whizzed inches from my body; leaving clouds of black smoke for me to inhale.

I saw her honey coated red lips in the wall; as I languidly strolled through

the interiors of the mystical palace,

Although I soon realized that I was out of tangible senses; as I violently

barged against the iron doors; tripping neatly over a jugglery of intricate

furniture.

I saw her dainty feet embedded with jingling bells; as I sat peacefully at the

precarious edge of the bridge,

Although I soon realized that I was drowned in a reverie; as I plummeted down;

losing my stoical composure to blend with the chilly waters of the river.

I saw her ravishing hair flowing in the gentle breeze; as I ruminated on my

past while cooking food,

Although I soon realized that I was romanticizing a bit too much; when eerie

whistle of the pressure cooker inundated my sensitive ears.

I saw her smiling revealing her magnanimous teeth; while playing cricket with

the sun god shining above my head,

Although I soon realized that I was in seventh heaven; when the hard ball

struck me on my chin; giving my face a ghastly black swollen look.

I saw the vivacious outlines of her eyebrows; while writing my examinations,

Although I soon realized that I was wistfully perceiving; when the slender

cane of my professor lashed stringently on my scalp.

I saw her rubicund cheeks embossed with blemishes; while lifting bulky weights

in the gym,

Although I soon realized that I was intensely dreaming in the day; when the

heavy bars landed with an abrupt thud on my chest.

I saw her in part and whole; throughout the monotonous day; in my dreams; and

in every person I met; irrespective of caste and creed,

Yes O! divine creator; you know as well as I do; the only reason behind my

absurd behavior; was that I was compassionately in love .

15. THE THING

The thing as frigid as a dead follicle of hair; was indiscreet hatred,

The thing as disdainful as the bathroom cockroach; was illicit smuggling,

The thing as pale as the dilapidated wall; was overwhelming prejudice,

The thing as resplendent as the pearly moon; was a gregarious smile on the

luscious lips,

The thing as morose as the broken branch of the tree; was tumultuous sorrow

blended with grief,

The thing as transparent as the crystal mountain stream; was unsolicited truth,

The thing as bankrupt as a bedraggled beggar; was pugnacious enmity,

The thing as innocuous as the hazel eyed monkey; was the cry of a small

child,

The thing as volatile as hot green chili; was immensely provoked anger,

The thing as sweet as freshly prepared nectar; was the voice of the benevolent

propagating humanity,

The thing as blotted as the abysmally dark waters of the gutter;  
was indiscriminately brutal crime,

The thing as cold as frozen pulp of icecream; was blatant jealousy,

The thing as nostalgic as the oblivious past; was indefatigable fantasies of

the brain,

The thing as sizzling as ravishing brown crustacean coffee; was stupendous

exultation,

The thing as inflated as a gas balloon; was ostentatious pride,

The thing as appeasing as appetizing morsels of food; was philanthropic

friendship which fortified by the minute,

The thing as vociferous as a barking dog; was insatiable hunger which arose

sporadically in the stomach,

The thing as infinite as the boundaries of the emerald ocean; was ubiquitous humanity,

The thing as inevitably intoxicating as liquor; was unfathomable greed,

The thing as venomous as the sting of a scorpion; was racial discrimination,

The thing as preposterously huge as the impeccable dolphin; was

empathy towards fellow beings,

The thing as starved as scorched sands of the desert; was the ominously

diabolic devil,

And the thing as impeccable as white pearls impregnated in oyster shells; as

effusive as thunderous rain pelting down; was perpetual love .

16. IMPRISONED

I had dirt imprisoned in my nails; which seemed all the more abashing when I

stood in the limelight; confronting public,

I had scores of dandruff imprisoned in my scalp; prompting me to inevitably

scratch; although it blended strikingly with my black coat,

I had tumultuous strength imprisoned in my clenched fists; having stupendous

power to decimate impostors swindling the innocent,

I had eloquence imprisoned in my throat; which made me chant melodious rhymes

of synchronized music,

I had tenacity imprisoned in my emphatic eyes; which possessed the prowess to

melt the supremely intransigent,

I had a frivolous smile imprisoned in my luscious lips; which seemed all the more profound; when I encountered ravishing beauty,

I had a jugglery of obdurate muscle imprisoned in my legs; enabling me to traverse long distance in acerbic sun; bereft of a vehicle,

I had millions of hair imprisoned in my skin; cushioning me from uncouth blows

of the society,

I had salubrious blood imprisoned in my intricate veins; instilling in me the

strength to sustain life,

I had a crimson pink tongue imprisoned in my mouth; granting me the

indispensable ability of speech,

I had a bulky wallet imprisoned in my trouser pocket; making me feel

despicable; when I stripped it of its currency,

I had a flamboyant horse imprisoned in my stables; on which I used to sit and

gallivant through the mountains,

I had infinite lines imprisoned at the back of my palm; which audaciously

portrayed my destiny to unleash,

I had unfathomable cells imprisoned in my finely chiseled brain; blessing me

with the capacity to decode the most baffling of enigmas,

I had golden droplets of sweat imprisoned in my armpits; inundating the placid

surroundings with unbearable stench,

I had tones of air imprisoned in my inflated lungs; which made me breathe;

relish every unveiling second of life,

I had yellow enamel camouflaging my teeth; making it impossible for me to

smile,

I had nostalgic memories imprisoned in my subconscious mind; as I ruefully

reminisced all those moments when I was young,

And most importantly; superseding all things; I had her love imprisoned in my

heart; which bestowed upon me the impetus to blissfully live; fight for justice in this nonchalant world .

17. I WOULD CONSIDER MYSELF THE RICHEST

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I possessed the eyes of

truth,

Able to judiciously discriminate between; the good and obnoxiously evil inhabiting remote corners of the globe.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I possessed egalitarian

arms,

Ready to embrace those in severe affliction; without the baseless fear of

getting stained and dirty.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I possessed the power of

mystical clairvoyance,

Able to prognosticate the ominous events to unveil; saving the earth from

possible disaster.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I possessed a phlegmatic

voice,

Capable of pacifying those engulfed with inexplicable distress; put all children without parents to sleep.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I could leap from

astronomical heights of the bridge into the river,

Save scores of innocuous children from drowning; embed their terrorized faces

with mischievous smiles.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I possessed feet which

could withstand the most onerous of load,

Carry the ones crippled; making them witness the most mesmerizing avenues of

the world.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I possessed clusters of

teeth capable of extracting venom;

Evacuating the most lethal of poison from the body of the dying; rejuvenating

them with fresh doors of hope.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I possessed the prowess

of assassinate the most evanescent of corruption prevailing,

Liberating the impoverished from impregnable clutches of slavery; granting

them the supreme distinction of breathing free air.

I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I could stay awake all

night;

Incessantly guarding those who were philanthropic; ever ready to propagate the

benevolent cause of humanity.

And I would consider myself the richest man on earth; if I could possess and

incarcerate the love I so vehemently desired,

Help all residing on land; to get the dream partner of their own choice .

18. THE PLATE OF LOVE

When there was appetizing fruit placed on a plate of scintillating silver; I

didn't feel like eating,

I was a trifle too busy contemplating the price of the plate; though there was

nothing wrong with the food.

When I was served immaculately ravishing noodles on a plate of pure gold; I

didn't feel like eating,

I was afraid of impregnating blotches on the plate; when I caressed it with my

bohemian hands; though there were pangs of hunger reverberating in my stomach.

When I was served a blend of Italian cheese and cucumber on a plate of crystal

studded with diamonds; I didn't feel like eating,

I was intensely absorbed in decoding my reflection in the glistening jewels; though the sight of the delicacy made my mouth water.

When I was served a steaming curry of pungent soup on a plate of intricately

chiseled marble; I didn't feel like eating,

I was heavily circumspect on staining the marble in the process of eating; though the concoction looked immensely sumptuous.

When I was served roasted almonds juxtaposed with honey on a plate of pure

sapphire; I didn't feel like eating,

I was completely lost admiring the dazzling radiance of stone; though there

were insatiable desires to tenaciously chew the same.

When I was served sliced onions wound with blood red radish on a plate of

flocculent satin; I didn't feel like eating,

I was skeptical that its contents would spill over the sheets; though there

was a niggling pain in my fingers to snatch the food.

When I was served a bunch of succulent violet grapes on a plate of exquisite

rosewood; I didn't feel like eating,

I was mesmerized by the plethora of designs embossed in the wood; though there

were grinding sensations in my fortress of teeth.

When I was served a chocolate brown plum cake strewn with cherry on a plate of

voluptuous lotus; I didn't feel like eating,

I was lost in the heavenly fragrance of the flower; though my mouth watered

unrelentingly like a starved pig.

When I was served simmering chicken transposed with green leaf on a plate of

snake leather; I didn't feel like eating,

I was enchanted by the satiny complexion of the skin; though my eyes popped

out of their sockets at witnessing the food.

And eventually when I was served a nutritious agglomerate of curd and rice on

a plate stitched with threads of our impregnable love; my beloved feeding me

with her dainty fingers,

I cupidly gobbled the same in no time; compensating for my previous failures;

food had never tasted so tasty before,

As it did when she fed me recounting tales of her childhood .

19. USE YOUR HEART

Use your nails to scratch stale paint from walls; peel off the rust from

indispensable commodities for survival,

Use your toes to poke someone frivolously in the ribs; hoist intricate pieces

of cloth strewn on the floor,

Use your eyes to distinguish between the sacrosanct and the devil; swirling

them rampantly in all directions to grasp the beauty of the universe,

Use your fingers to scribble infinite lines of literature; seize all those in

a vise like grip trying to massacre the law,

Use your legs to walk unrelentingly in the sun; indiscriminately kick all

those pernicious impediments that confront your way,

Use your nose to breathe in gallons of fresh air; detect fragrance and

obnoxious stench in the atmosphere with equality,

Use your arms to embrace all those afflicted with pain; profusely loving the

ones you cherish,

Use your teeth to scrupulously masticate food; evacuate lethal poison from

innocuous skin bitten by snake,

Use your brain to decipher baffling enigmas of life; make planet earth a

better place to inhabit,

Use your lips to produce philanthropic smiles; spread the ubiquitous message

of congenial friendship,

Use your affluence to lead a luxurious life; showering the same on those

engulfed with tumultuous distress and pain,

Use your power to assassinate evil from its faintest trace; fighting

incessantly for those oppressed in the society,

Use your ears to decode the minutest of sound; inundate barren arenas of your

soul with melodious music,

Use your hair to cushion the impact of blows on your scalp; letting it glisten

in the sunlight to impart warmth,

Use your blood to save someone on the threshold of death; donating it in

bountiful amounts to those who require it the most,

Use your breath to tickle the grass blades; impregnate the chilly ambience

with loads of passionate energy,

Use your bones to work tirelessly; executing them meticulously to their

complete potential,

Use your voice to pacify the hot blooded; propagating the message of peace

with tenacity,

Use your life to achieve and construct and discover; procreating your progeny

to serve humanity with grace,

And use your heart to uninhibitedly love; inculcate the spirit of perpetual

caring in the ones you ever encounter .

20. WE STILL LOVED EACH OTHER

We hurled a volley of expletives at each other; while conversing over the

phone,

Severely ostracizing our movements; our conservative attitude towards

society,

Threw fluffy pillows; rolling pins; scattered debris; virtually all that came

in our hands at each other,

Tore apart our scalp hair in exasperation; slapping each other on the rubicund

cheek,

Grimaced our teeth like the most ominous of fortress; clenching our fists in

indignation,

Stared unrelentingly like diabolical demons; refraining to whisper the

slightest of sound,

Spat uncouthly at each other; our hands interlocked in a vindictive brawl,

Made abhorrent designs of each other; rampantly inscribing them on the cold

floor,

Kicked uncontrollably while in the car; banging our heads against the

windshield,

Spilled scalding tea deliberately on each other; burning dainty pores in our

skin,

Glanced indifferently towards each other; pretending to be nonchalant

strangers,

Scoffed haughtily inhaling long gasps of breath; insipidly kicking small

stones that confronted our way,

Wailed discordantly with fervor; looking at each others faces,

Sat poles apart on the dining table; secretly wishing to dance under the

enchanting moon,

Drew lines vindictively on the sands; as we strolled languidly on the slippery

beach,

Pummeled each other in the ribs; at the slightest provocation; as our tempers

soared to dizzy heights,

Paced up and down the length of the house; occasionally banging the walls in

intense infuriation,

Tossed and turned irritably on the king poster bed; unable to go to blissful

sleep,

Deliberated for marathon hours on the trot; on inconspicuous issues; expending

great energy from our intricate lungs,

But the remarkable thing was; that even after all this we still remained the

best of friends; immensely enjoyed and wistfully longed for each others

company,

And at the end of the acrimonious day; forgave and acutely loved each other .

21. WHERE THERE IS LOVE

Where there is bountiful grass; sprawling meadows of leafy foliage,

There roam about rustic cattle and goat; painstakingly chewing the cud; relishing the appetizing meal.

Where there is superfluous water; rambunctious streams of crystal liquid,

There reside sweet and succulent fish; bathing incessantly in the splashing currents; procreating several of their kind.

Where there is a nest of enmeshed twigs; fortified with slender sticks of

intricate wood and thorn,

There lives the protuberant sac bird; which pacifies its gluttony devouring

insects; lays eggs diligently with the passing seasons.

Where there is fetid sewage floating in gutter water; a conglomerate of

dilapidated debris loosely strewn about,

There lives the disdainful cockroach; spreading a host of deadly infection and

disease.

Where there is the colossal mountain with jagged slopes; a battalion of

deciduous trees projecting rampantly in tandem,

There lives the grizzly bear which dexterously glides through darkened

tunnels; along with tones of silver snow.

Where there is slippery sand on the beach; blended with multiple cocoons of

hollow space,

There lives the gray bodied venomous crab; flexing its noxious tentacles

intermittently; to sting innocuous flesh.

Where there is a jugglery of boiled sweets lying orphan on the floor; with a

tantalizing aroma wafting in the air,

There lives the red ant in infinite scores; hungrily crunching its meal;

pulverizing it to finely chiseled soft powder.

Where there is the honey combed hive sighted at unprecedented heights from the

ground; adhering compactly to the building wall,

There lives the honeybee boisterously oozing honey from its body; blending

superbly with the golden color.

Where there is overwhelming poverty; an atmosphere of bedraggled misery

compounded with heaps of tribulation,

There live nefarious hoodlums; driven by the fervent urge to steal; due to

scarcity of funds and fodder.

Where there is darkness camouflaged with pallid gloom; the ambience punctuated

with mystical myths,

There lives baseless fear; individuals who unwittingly shirk away from society.

And where there is perennial love; philanthropic attitude to embrace the

afflicted with thorough equanimity,

There lives god and there also lives life; ripening every unleashing minute;

creating humans impregnated with immortal bliss .

22. THE THING I FEARED THE MOST

When I transgressed through the soil of scorching desert; with the sun blazing

down my nape in full radiance,

The thing I feared the most was the insatiable desire for water; which kept

overpowering me when I knew there were no resources available.

When I was sleeping blissfully in the night; with mystical reveries besieging

my mind,

The thing I feared the most; was rambunctious noise jolting me wide awake from

my celestial siesta.

When I was chopping the trunk of corrugated tree; utilizing the full tenacity

of my wrists,

The thing I feared the most; was the blade of my axe acquiring incongruous

rust; emancipating its sharpness.

When I was swimming through placid waters of the river; with lavender coated

petals of lotus drifting past my nose,

The thing I feared the most; was turbulent waves pervading the still waters;

disrupting the synchrony of my swim.

When I was traveling up the monumental edifice in an elevator; sighting

spacious dwellings now as condensed matchboxes,

The thing I feared the most; was the intricate coil of lift brusquely

snapping; and the contraption hurling at full speeds towards the stony

ground.

When I was driving my car at swashbuckling speeds through picturesque slopes;

feasting my eyes on a backdrop of panoramic waterfalls,

The thing I feared the most; was the twin brakes failing and the automobile

wildly careening into the treacherous valley.

When I was nibbling rustic berries; plucking them in clusters from the

vivaciously swirling jungle tree,

The thing I feared the most; was the likelihood of the fruit being savagely

poisoned; having the ghastly potential of causing death.

When I embellished my persona with grandiloquent slabs of glittering gold;

wore jingling necklaces studded with an armory of scintillating diamonds,

The thing I feared the most; was the brutal onslaught of robbers viciously

tearing apart my wealth.

When I diligently working on the contemporary computer; with the fluorescent

light of the screen infiltrating my eyes,

The thing that I feared the most; was a host of obnoxious virus permeating the

software; assassinating all the files I had scrupulously stored.

When I was shivering incessantly in winter winds; the partition of my teeth

clattering inevitably,

The thing I feared the most; was the snow precipitating from the skies;

exacerbating my condition still further.

And when I was with my beloved; encompassed in the warmth of her arms; the

essence of her breath inundating me with unprecedented happiness,

The thing I feared the most; was the creator taking her far away from me; as I

knew there was no other power existing on earth; that could try and possibly

separate us.

23. THE BISCUIT OF LOVE

When I consumed a fat biscuit of mud; trying to masticate it fervently with my

angular teeth,

I simply failed to succeed; the mud impregnated a bitter taste in my mouth;

and I inevitably puked out the curry with anguished sighs and gasps.

When I devoured a biscuit of stone; gulping It down with a glassful of mineral

water,

My stomach felt a trifle uneasy trying hard to accept this alien food; and it

finally came out intact and composite; a few hours after I painstakingly

expurgated my bowels.

When I chewed a biscuit of royal gold; endeavoring to soften it with the slimy

layer of my saliva,

Horrendous feelings of wasting currency engulfed my mind; and I immediately

spewed out the biscuit; trying to retain its natural contour and shine.

When I ate a rotund biscuit of condensed chocolate; replete with bountiful

fillings of sweet candy,

I felt good in the beginning; but my felicity soon transited into dismay; when

the blood report indicated that I had astronomically high levels of sugar.

When I tasted a piquant biscuit of green chili; blended commensurately with

garlic powder,

I rampantly screamed as if stabbed by a thousand burnt needles; scampered like

never before to the nearest source of portable water.

When I put a biscuit of almond soap in my mouth; there was gargantuan froth

produced as a manifestation,

Infinite bubbles elastic in texture now emanated whenever I opened my mouth;

and there was an insurmountable urge in my persona to thoroughly cleanse my

tongue.

When I languidly placed a biscuit of frozen snow in my mouth; the complexion

of my face transformed to a scarlet crimson,

Unfathomable clusters of taste died there itself; and I felt gruesome shivers

cascading down my spine.

When I attempted to gnaw at a biscuit of rusty iron; there was tumultuous

force exerted on my teeth,

They finally buckled under the intractable pressure; leaving rivulets of

sticky blood oozing from my lips.

When I feverishly tried to eat a biscuit of compressed honey; there was an

infectious sweetness that enveloped my mouth,

But when I got up in the morning after a contended nights sleep; there was a

battalion of red ant crawling all over; inserting their tiny pincers in my flesh.

And eventually when I consumed the biscuit of love; which was stitched

meticulously by her; with threads of our perpetual love,

My body felt profoundly rejuvenated; all the dreariness seemed to have

evaporated into thin air; and it was now that I felt that I was invincible;

beyond the inexplicable limits of this world .

24. WHEN I WANDERED THROUGH THE LANE OF LOVE

When I philandered through the winding lanes of the mountain; I encountered an

assemblage of vivacious trees and nimble rabbit,

When I strolled through lanes of the dense jungle; I encountered a maze of

cloistered passage along with white water streams,

When I audaciously walked through lanes of freezing ice-cream; I encountered

tenacious currents of cold; that made me shiver,

When I vehemently transgressed through lanes of roaring fire; I encountered

blistering flames; which almost charred me to inconspicuous ash,

When I sedately trespassed through lanes of blossoming flower; I encountered

clusters of humming bee; with a mesmerizing fragrance circumventing my

nostrils,

When I skeptically languished through lanes of the mental asylum; I encountered a fleet of barbaric madmen; trying to snatch the last ounce of breath from my persona,

When I gleefully floated in the satiny lanes of the cotton clouds; I encountered brilliant sunshine blended with showers of inclement rain,

When I loitered aimlessly through sandy lanes of the desert; I encountered

acrimonious heat; sapping the last resources of hidden energy from my body,

When I ambled laboriously through sequestered lanes of the gigantic tunnel; I

encountered gruesome darkness that sent uncanny chills down my spine; made me

nostalgically long for sunshine,

When I ran at fast pace across lanes of slippery beach sands; I encountered

poignant froth juxtaposed with fiery salt smashing across my eyes,

When I gallivanted on horseback through the lanes of the rustic farm; I

encountered the ravishing aroma of corn; listened attentively to the intricate

dribbling of milk from cow teats,

When I crawled like a new born child through the lanes of surreal fantasy; I

encountered scores of fairies; a blissful paradise where god resided,

When I marched through the lanes of disdainful hatred; I encountered

disparaging corruption; the savage discrimination of my fellow mates,

When I pervaded across ghastly lanes of hell in the sky; I encountered satanic

demons relishing blood from dead carcass of humans,

When I intransigently marauded through lanes of the underground dungeon; I

encountered hidden gold; with a scorpion occasionally drifting down my neck,

When I jogged through crowded lanes of the mundane city; I encountered hostile

traffic; and obnoxious clouds of smoke prompting me to deafeningly sneeze,

When I roamed through lanes of illicit crime; I encountered a township of

bloodshed; brutal massacres of the innocent,

And eventually when I wandered through the lane of uninhibited love; I hereby

found the perpetual heaven that I was so frantically searching for .

25. IF I WERE YOUR HEART

If I were the blood circulating through your veins; I would incessantly flow

without respite,

Unrelentingly purifying contaminated zones of your body; ensuring that you

were perennially in a state of blissful health.

If I were your intricate ears; I would make sure you heard the most

inconspicuous of sound as long as the sun shone in the sky,

Would inundate your mind with melodious sounds; mesmerizing reveries; the

moment you went off to sleep.

If I were your emphatic eyes; I would make sure that you discriminate between

the omnipresent good and evil,

Would make you stringently aware of the perils lurking beside you; bestow upon

you the power to prognosticate the future yet to unveil.

If I were your pair of dainty feet; I would make sure you traversed

scrupulously through the entire globe,

Saw the most astounding of palaces; the most enticing of sapphire oceans;

without suffering from the slightest of exhaustion.

If I were your robust hands; I would make sure that you successfully clambered

up the colossal mountain,

Wrote exquisite lines of enchanting music; tenaciously decimated all those who

ever tried to torment you.

If I were your rotund belly; I would make sure you digested your food to

meticulous perfection,

Bore a battalion of impeccable children as you desired; without the tiniest of

anguish and tribulation.

If I were your silken hair; I would make sure that I glistened ravishingly in

full rays of the sun,

Keep myself bereft of abhorrent dandruff flakes; so that you never felt the

need to vehemently scratch.

If I were your rosy tongue; I would make sure that you spoke with a perfect

blend of eloquence,

Sedately swishing inside your mouth; saving you on umpteenth occasions from

the tyranny of your chiseled teeth.

If I were your conglomerate of bones; I would make sure that you never felt

dreary; even after marathon hours of work,

Fought like an indefatigable soldier; when the question arose of defending

your persona your true integrity.

And by magnanimous stroke of fortune If I were your heart; I would command you

to throb; only when you witnessed me,

Instruct you to love me as uninhibitedly; as much as I fanatically wanted to

possess you .

26. BREAKING BARRIERS

In order to reach the stupendously astronomical summit of the mountain; you needed to break the barriers of skepticism,

In order to achieve the unlimited; you needed to break the barriers of pompously inflated ego,

In order to swim intrepidly against the treacherously swirling storm; you needed to break the barriers of curled introversion,

In order to nose dive from the realms of the clouds without a parachute on your skin; you needed to break the barriers of inexplicably lingering fear,

In order to trespass through a blanket of vindictively flaming thorns; you needed to break the barriers of trembling nervousness,

In order to sing in front of the threateningly menacing dinosaur; you needed to break the barriers of profuse timidness,

In order to put your fingers into the sharks mouth; you needed to break the barriers of insurmountable pain,

In order to beg on the boisterously streaming streets; you needed to break the barriers of profound embarrassment,

In order to drink back tears of poignant blood; you needed to break the barriers of devastating sadness,

In order to inundate a barren ocean of paper with infinite lines of supremely spell binding literature; you needed to break the barriers of inferiority complex; embedded in the veins,

In order to meditate relentlessly all night and day in front of the Almighty Lord; you needed to break the barriers of unfathomably overpowering desire,

In order to dig your own grave when infact you were blissfully living; you needed to break the barriers of greedy existence,

In order to talk like an unflinching prince infront of the prolifically augmenting audience; you needed to break the barriers of pertinently incessant retrospection,

In order to confront the unprecedented battalion of demons singlehanded; you needed to break the barriers of inevitably quavering hopelessness and despair,

In order to masticate the biscuits of obdurately impregnable steel; you needed to break the barriers of helpless apprehension,

In order to survive holistically amidst a planet deluged with barbaric wolves; you needed to break the barriers of pretentiously ostentatious dignity,

In order to breathe in an atmosphere bereft of the most inconspicuous trace of air; you needed to break the barriers of your punctured conscience,

In order to live up perpetually to the occasion called beautiful life; you needed to break the barriers of vehemently thoughtless denial,

And in order to love for times immemorial; immortally coalesce with the web of everlasting romance; you needed to break the barriers of the fluttering heart .

27. ASK MY LIFE

Ask my eyes; how much they missed her ingratiatingly mischievous smile,

Ask my nose; how much it missed her stupendously incarcerating and heavenly fragrance,

Ask my lips; how much they missed her voluptuously tangy tears,

Ask my hands; how much they missed her tantalizingly rubicund cheeks,

Ask my soul; how much it missed her majestically grandiloquent shadow,

Ask my hair; how much it missed the satiny caress of her divinely magical palms,

Ask my ears; how much they missed her incredulously melodious and mesmerizing voice,

Ask my brain; how much it missed her everlasting and profusely poignant festoon of memories and fantasies,

Ask my blood; how much it missed her unrelentingly volcanic desire; the infernos of insatiable passion that she ignited; when she was at whisker lengths from my body,

Ask my tongue; how much it missed the insurmountably delectable outlines of  
her vivaciously boisterous nape,

Ask my abysmally fading countenance; how much it missed her unprecedented inspiration to propel unflinchingly forward in life,

Ask my signature; how much it missed her unfathomably charming impression; the tinge of her magnanimous authority between each impeccable alphabet,

Ask my bones; how much they missed her mystically intriguing footsteps; the astronomical rejuvenation they imparted to its deteriorating caricature,

Ask my sweat; how much it missed her rhapsodic heat; the flames of unparalleled desire which she evoked with just a single solitary stare,

Ask my stomach; how much it missed her unsurpassably celestial meals; the fathomless myriad of delicacies she prepared within flashes of minuscule seconds,

Ask my beard; how much it missed her euphorically fabulous nails; the astounding rawness with which she trace a trail of seduction through my unruly flesh,

Ask my breath; how much it missed her indomitable ardor to survive; her tenacity to face life; even in the most disastrously acrimonious of times,

Ask my heart; how much it missed her indefatigably throbbing beats; the tumultuous fervor in her pulse; that made me take infinite steps at a time,

And ask my life; how much it missed her immortal love; which was the sole reason that didn't let me die; even after she today; wasn't alive .

28. AS IF THE MOST ULTIMATE OF KINGS.

It might have been to viciously slander me; venomously dissolve me like a piece of frigid shit; an infinite kilometers well beneath the murderous corpses of all times,

It might have been to reproachfully lambaste me; treacherously blow me forever and ever and ever away; into the graveyards of lethally stabbing and shriveled oblivion,

It might have been to sadistically comment upon my impoverished form; perennially ensure that it floated like the most lackadaisically frazzled carcass of misery; in between heaven and disparaging hell,

It might have been to decimate me beyond realms of holistic recognition; before devilishly feeding every ounce of my wretchedly decaying carrion; to the hideously scavenging and cold-blooded vultures,

It might have been to wholesomely defeat every trace of my tangible existence; compassionately beseech the most uncouthly truculent demons to excoriate me into a

boundless bits of disastrously terrorizing nothingness,

It might have been to wantonly taint even the most unassailably righteous fabric of my harmonious survival; with the pathetically asphyxiating grime of dastardly lies,

It might have been to announce my loss in mind; body and jubilant form; to the trajectory of this fathomlessly enchanting planet; whereas I still exuberantly paraded in the aisles of indefatigably fructifying utopia,

It might have been to ghoulishly bemoan every bit of philanthropic goodness that I divulged into; salaciously dragging my name into the coffins of hedonistically flagrant corruption,

It might have been to deliriously torture every bounteously fantasizing fragment of my brain; with the inconsolably weeping broomsticks of tyrannizing malice,

It might have been to Spartanly order every rabid dog on this poignantly ubiquitous planet; to summon as quickly as possible near my innocuous face; and then

intransigently bite the same as if there wasn't the slightest of sunset,

It might have been to unstoppably ridicule me; make a blatantly intolerable parody about each of my weaknesses; to every organism effulgently breathing on planet divine,

It might have been to satanically deafen even the most infinitesimal of my senses; numb every gloriously conceivable movement of my nimble body; with the cries

of outrageously maniacal extinction,

It might have been to unrelentingly drag me to the gallows of heartlessly maiming confinement; impugning me of the highest treason ever committed on earth; which I never ever die or could dream to do,

It might have been to mercilessly pounce upon every imaginable penny of my unflinching perseverance; wickedly burn the same into parasitically sordid

flames of lecherous hatred,

It might have been to timelessly jinx every euphorically benign aspect of my existence; with the brutally ominous chains of nothingness and the lull of

melancholic debauchery; which suddenly arouse after blissful life,

It might have been to violently molest every ingredient of my unimpeachable virginity; with the acrimoniously fetid dagger-heads of garrulously rancid

war,

It might have been to metamorphose every bit of pricelessly inimitable truth in my soul; into the most atrociously degradable mortuary of sinfully beheading lies,

It might have been to perpetually snap the fangs of my symbiotically enthralling existence; and then bawdily suck all lifeless blood from my veins to be the most

sanctimoniously strongest organism alive,

And I really didn't have the tiniest of insinuation as to what were your intentions everytime you opened your mouth for uttering my name; but believe me; everytime

when you did actually whisper my name in your sensuously unparalleled voice; I felt the most pricelessly insuperable man alive; as if the most ultimate of Kings; on this unshakably limitless earth divine .

29. WHY DID I LOVE TO PERPETUALLY LOVE.

Why did I love eating exotically succulent fruit? Well it was solely because of the most gluttonously impoverished existence; of my pathetically tormented stomach.

Why did I love to profoundly empathize with every fraternity of despairing living kind? Well it was solely because of the most devastatingly parched existence; of my callously dried eyeballs .

Why did I love to intransigently fantasize? Well it was solely because of the most deplorably famished existence; of my robotically truculent brain .

Why did I love to interminably adventure? Well it was solely because of the most penuriously irascible existence; of my restlessly wailing knees.

Why did I love to perseveringly perspire? Well it was solely because of the most haplessly disoriented existence; of my emotionlessly fretful armpits .

Why did I love to mellifluously sing? Well it was solely because of the most preposterously tyrannized existence; of my uncontrollably quavering throat .

Why did I love to timelessly sip upon mesmerizing streams of water? Well it was solely because of themost hedonistically despondent existence; of my unsurpassably parched tongue .

Why did I love to unendingly tantalize every of my goose-bump? Well it was solely because of the most fanatically delirious existence; of my venomously victimized skin .

Why did I love to invincibly sleep? Well it was solely because of the most parsimoniously subjugated existence; of my brutally pulverized and defeated

nerves .

Why did I love to tirelessly procreate? Well it was solely because of the most unbelievably petulant existence; of my unstoppably overflowing virility .

Why did I love to victoriously dance? Well it was solely because of the most unceasingly agonized existence; of my pertinently imploring and restless legs .

Why did I love to hoist orphaned urchins to their destinations of compassionate comfort? Well it was solely because of the most inexorably beseeching existence; of my boisterously brimming shoulders .

Why did I love to unrelentingly roll in fields of rain soaked grass? Well it was solely because of the most unfathomably ignited existence; of my uxoriously lambasted thighs .

Why did I love to hear the most panoramically enigmatic sounds of mother nature? Well it was solely because of the most remorsefully bemoaning existence; of my treacherously starved ears .

Why did I love to indefatigably flirt in the aisles of pristine mischief? Well it was solely because of the most bizarrely reverberating existence; of my enthrallingly mystical eyebrows .

Why did I love to majestically sketch? Well it was solely because of the most unabashedly slithering existence; of my relentlessly teasing and impetuously

resonating fingers .

Why did I love to endlessly discover till even beyond the realms of infinity? Well it was solely because of the most wretchedly incarcerated existence; of my

forlornly divested and monotonous soul .

Why did I love to insatiably breathe? Well it was solely because of the most hopelessly asphyxiated existence; of my disastrously shriveled and crinkled

lungs .

And why did I love to perpetually and impregnably love? Well it was solely because of the most unflinchingly ardent existence; of every part; pore and beat of your divinely sensuous body; O! Omnipotent beloved .

30. NO NEW DEFINITIONS

When our lusciously poignant lips met; there were invincibly new definitions which were coined; of unconquerably triumphant and bountifully unlimited; desire,

When our immaculately benign eyes met; there were spell-bindingly new definitions which were coined; of pricelessly impregnable and beautifully untainted; empathy,

When our harmoniously eclectic fingers met; there were majestically new definitions which were coined; of victoriously enamoring and resplendently impeccable; artistry,

When our unabashedly blushing cheeks met; there were insuperable new definitions which were coined; of marvelously unprejudiced and piquantly unparalleled;

excitement,

When our astoundingly sensitive eyelashes met; there were unbelievable new definitions which were coined; of wondrously unadulterated and pristinely immaculate; mischief,

When our effulgently burgeoning brains met; there were spectacular new definitions which were coined; of unconquerably redolent and timelessly evolving; fantasy,

When our uninhibitedly tantalizing feet met; there were unassailable new definitions which were coined; of ebulliently wild and inimitably discovering; adventure,

When our fantastically rubicund tongues met; there were incredulous new definitions which were coined; of imperially rekindling and indomitably endless; electricity,

When our incomparably princely palms met; there were revolutionary new definitions which were coined; of symbiotically enthralling and inscrutably titillating; destiny,

When our intricately flapping ears met; there were jubilant new definitions which were coined; of interminably enamoring and fabulously reinvigorating; sensitivity,

When our profoundly charged thighs met; there were undisputed new definitions which were coined; of undyingly mesmerizing and undefeatedly sparking; thunder,

When our voluptuously nubile navels met; there were unfettered new definitions which were coined; of unlimitedly charismatic and ubiquitously unshakable;

sensuousness,

When our stupendously ravishing hair met; there were unbreakable new definitions which were coined; of serenely serendipitous and perennially seductive; heavenliness,

When our effervescently tender necks met; there were unchallangable new definitions which were coined; of everlastingly fructifying and universally melanging;

compassion,

When our righteously humanitarian bloodstreams met; there were undefeated new definitions which were coined; of perpetually transcending and fragrantly spawning; humanity,

When our unprecedentedly aroused bellies met; there were irrefutable new definitions which were coined; of incorrigibly exuberant and handsomely unperturbed; magnetism,

When our tenderly resonating spines met; there were intransigent new definitions which were coined; of tirelessly faithful and aristocratically augmenting; belonging,

When our passionately electrified bodies met; there were ever-pervading new definitions which were coined; of stupendously affable and unstoppably immeasurable; virility,

Whilst when our immortally throbbing hearts met; there were not the tiniest of new definitions coined; as our love was not a new thing at all for this human birth

of ours; but had its most Omnipotent rudiments embodied deep within our innermost heartbeats; since an infinite previous births of ours; which had been in

an unimaginably different spectrum of shapes and forms .

31. I'D PREFER TO LIVE; THAN DIE WITH ALONGWITH YOU.

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my sight; rather than maniacally blind both my eyes alongwith you; only so that I could sight ever single bit of panoramic space that we'd so blissfully frequented when we'd just triumphantly proposed; till I exhaled my very last and ardently philanthropic breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my artistry; rather than brutally chopping all my fingers alongwith you; only so that I could sketch you in your most royally resplendent shape and form; till I exhaled my very last

and passionately ecstatic breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my voice; rather than lecherously massacre my throat alongwith you; only so that I could interminably sing and inundate the atmosphere with the praises of your eternally fructifying soul; till I

exhaled my very last and poignantly enamoring breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my smile; rather than sacrilegiously marauding both my lips alongwith you; only so that I could bestow an indefatigably invincible volley of kisses upon every of footprint you left behind; till I

exhaled my very last and effulgently handsome breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my perseverance; rather than preposterously freeze every droplet of my sweat alongwith you; only so that I could endlessly strive forward to disseminate the ideals of your benign peace and love;

till I exhaled my very last and iridescently effusive breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my hearing; rather than wretchedly slain both my ears alongwith you; only so that I could fervently

hear the enchantingly inimitable cadence of your voice again and again; till I exhaled my very last and exuberantly redolent breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my tranquility; rather than wantonly surrender my soul alongwith you; only so that I could celestially

imbibe the everlasting sweetness of our unshakably humanitarian relationship; till I exhaled my very last and supremely exultated breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my virility; rather than ridiculously massacre my genitillia alongwith you; only so that I could tirelessly impregnate every conceivable part of my flesh with your perennially venerated footprints; till I exhaled my very last and unbelievably ebullient breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my humanity; rather than insanely puke every droplet of my blood alongwith you; only so that I could embrace every tangible ounce of your beautifully lingering goodness; till I exhaled my very last and wondrously eclectic breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my adventure; rather than insidiously pulverize both my feet alongwith you; only so that I could wholeheartedly explore every fragrantly unconquerable trail that you left on planet divine; till I exhaled my very last and supremely undying breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my palms; rather than uncouthly erase my destiny lines alongwith you; only so that I could treasure

every of my bounteously compassionate moment with you in my existence; till I exhaled my very last and victoriously blessed breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my hair; rather than barbarously tonsure my scalp alongwith you; only so that I could ravishingly float

in the heavens of your silken sensuality; till I exhaled my very last and fantastically enamoring breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my titillation; rather diabolically silence every of my goose-bump alongwith you; only so that I could

sense your miraculously ameliorating caress from even a billion kilometers away; till I exhaled my very last and emphatically mesmerizing breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my fantasies; rather than sinfully squelch my brain alongwith you; only so that I could perceive your majestically undefeatable form in an infinite different ways; till I exhaled my very last and unconquerably emollient breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my thirst; rather than devilishly torch my tongue alongwith you; only so that I could quell even the

most inconspicuous of my desire by unstoppably uttering your name; till I exhaled my very last and unfathomably symbiotic breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my reinvigoration; rather than unthinkably asphyxiate my breath alongwith you; only so that I could celebrate the sky of your untainted freshness every unfurling instant; till I exhaled my very last

and uninhibitedly jubilant breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my love; rather than indiscriminately behead each of my heartbeat alongwith you; only so that I could

perpetually garner empathy in my eyes for every bit of your insuperable selflessness; till I exhaled my very last and magically mollifying breath,

I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my truth; rather than sadistically sell my conscience alongwith you; only so that I could infallibly propagate the simplicity of your benevolent existence; till I exhaled my very last

and magnetically exultated breath,

And I'd irrefutably prefer to remain wholesomely intact with my life; rather than depressingly plunge into the mortuary of death alongwith you; only so that

I could savor the unassailable valor of your princely existence; till I exhaled my very last and stupendously voluptuous breath .

32. HOMELESS- IN ALL MY MIND; BODY AND SOUL.

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my invincibly compassionate eyes; but strangely this left me haplessly and gruesomely blind in all my mind; body

and soul; for an infinite more of my inimitably priceless lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my poignantly enamoring lips; but strangely this left me brutally and heartlessly infertile in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my bountifully celestial lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my indefatigably fantasizing brain; but strangely this left me hopelessly and venomously robotic in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my spell-bindingly fructifying lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my unassailably masculine shoulders; but strangely this left me devastatingly and irretrievably weak in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my marvelously jubilant lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my majestically burgeoning destiny; but strangely this left me forlornly and lividly chanceless in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my triumphantly eclectic lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my effervescently chattering tongue; but strangely this left me torturously and unbearably silent in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my ecstatically infallible lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my euphorically adventurous feet; but strangely this left me worthlessly and wantonly monotonous in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my victoriously beautiful lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my vivaciously artistic shadow; but strangely this left me treacherously and tawdrily delirious in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my vibrantly inscrutable lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my ravishingly tantalizing belly; but strangely this left me blasphemously and egregiously famished in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my mystically resplendent lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my golden globules of sweating perseverance; but strangely this left me inexplicably and fetidly meaningless in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my unendingly exhilarating lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my mellifluously ardent throat; but strangely this left me maniacally and obliviously thirsty in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my fathomlessly exuberant lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my sensuously virile nape; but strangely this left me pathetically and forlornly impotent in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my eclectically magnanimous lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my symbiotically unconquerable blood; but strangely this left me disastrously and despicably inhuman in all my

mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my fantastically effulgent lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my mischievously unabashed eyebrows; but strangely this left me morbidly and amorphously paralyzed in all my

mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my spectacularly innovative lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my uninhibitedly liberated chest; but strangely this left me despondently and horrifically imprisoned in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of mysplendidly iridescent lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my extraordinarily sensitive ears; but strangely this left me gruesomely and intolerably deaf in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my blessedly enthralling lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my insuperably emollient conscience; but strangely this left me horribly and inconsolably lying in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my blissfully venerated lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my fierily undaunted nostrils; but strangely this left me intractably and forever dying in all my mind; body and

soul; for an infinite more of my eternally undefeated lifetimes,

It was you who infact abruptly went away from my immortally unflinching heart; but strangely this left me hopelessly and horrendously infidel in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my beamingly chivalrous lifetimes,

And it was you who infact went away from my impregnably peerless dwelling; but strangely this left me perennially and unforgivably homeless in all my mind; body and soul; for an infinite more of my royally unfettered lifetimes .

33. IMMORTAL LOVE- IS IN GIVING HAPPINESS.

If indefatigably possessing your lover; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally fructifying love,

If stringently monitoring your lover at every step; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally

compassionate love,

If giving unabashed freedom to your lover to do what she wants; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally burgeoning love,

If incarcerating your lover in chains of your fervently one-tracked obsession; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally truthful love,

If tirelessly dancing with your lover under the iridescently utopian moonlight; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally unshakable love,

If inconsolably weeping alongwith your lover whenever she felt distressed; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally invincible love,

If eating every meal of yours shared in your lover's rustic plate; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally transcending love,

If staying an infinite miles away on persevering work to earn for your lover; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally mollifying love,

If ardently admiring every aspect of your lover for times immemorial; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition

of Immortally unassailable love,

If speaking everytime for your lover whenever the desire to express arose in her throat; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally ameliorating love,

If unstoppably fornicating with your lover in the aisles of ecstasy; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally blessing love,

If not waiting for your lover the slightest even if she didn't come back after an infinite births; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly

according to me; the definition of Immortally reinvigorating love,

If timelessly staring into the intimate eyes of your lover; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally vivacious love,

If allowing your lover to work shoulder to shoulder in this overwhelmingly masculine society; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally majestic love,

If dragging behind your lover like your sole shadow wherever and whenever and for whatever you went; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that exactly

according to me; the definition of Immortally Omnipotent love,

If not expecting the tiniest from your lover even though she was wholeheartedly robust and in the prime of youth and health; is what makes her perpetually

happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally fragrant love,

If commanding your lover to unquestioningly dedicate her entire life at your humanely feet; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according

to me; the definition of Immortally ubiquitous love,

If letting your lover bond the beats of her passionate heart with an infinite more of your kind alongwith you; is what makes her perpetually happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally miraculous love,

If overpowering your lover at every step; wholesomely and forever representing her entire personality like her ultimate bodyguard; is what makes her perpetually

happy; then that's exactly according to me; the definition of Immortally bewitching love,

For Immortally Omnipresent love is in everything by which you give happiness to your lover; whenever; wherever and for whatever reason that he/she wants it;

and not in dictatorially finding your very own happiness; like a greedy ghost fortunately and quickly slipping out of its corpse .

34. AS ALL THE HEART EVER KNEW.

Neither did it know any religion; the most royally invincible epitomes of the venerated Church/Temple/Mosque/Monastery; or the most haplessly oblivious alleys of inexplicably thwarting blindfaith,

Neither did it know any color; the most pricelessly impeccable of scintillating white; or the most perilously bemoaning shades of sadistic black,

Neither did it know any height; the most majestically infallible apogees of unimpeachable victory; or the most despondently skulking and parsimoniously

threadbare stones; lying on lackadaisically lugubrious soil,

Neither did it know any beauty; the most voluptuously aristocratic reflections of the perennial castle; or the most hideously grotesque faces; of the devils of cannibalistic hell,

Neither did it know any power; the most demonically menacing of politicians; or the most pathetically mercurial of ants; which got barbarously pulverized by the billions; at the rise of a singleton foot,

Neither did it know any wealth; the most unsurpassably sumptuous treasuries of undefeated glittering gold; or the most lecherously inconsolable beggars; parasitically clinging forever and ever and ever to the fabric of celestial society,

Neither did it know any versatility; the most brilliantly unassailable skies of spell binding talent; or the most nonchalantly immutable of bricks; which dogmatically refrained to budge even an inch forward; even as the ghastliest of hell inclemently

rained down on earth,

Neither did it know any scripture; the most victoriously bestowing pages of undefeated literature; or the most despicably besmirched mortuaries of fetidly livid illiteracy,

Neither did it know any boundary; the most insuperably blazing borders of the sanctimoniously dictatorial society; or the most disdainfully dingy confinements

of sacrilegiously vindictive jail,

Neither did it know any shape; the most ubiquitously ever-pervading forms of unalterable superiority; or the most inconspicuously dithering and digressing

worms of derogatory hatred,

Neither did it know any culture; the most ostentatiously flavored parties of profusely

smoke-laden baselessness; or the most rustically bohemian impressions of

the flagrantly uncivilized thumb,

Neither did it know any influential; the most charismatically enchanting of luminaries; or the most hopelessly dumb carrions of inane meaninglessness; which did nothing else but inundate the atmosphere with dastardly stench,

Neither did it know any magic; the most miraculously victorious metamorphosis of all poverty into a cloudburst of torrentially unrelenting currency coin; or the most irately burnt; unproductively infidel and cursed soil,

Neither did it know any fertility; the most indefatigably proliferating chapters of precocious civilization; or the most profanely impotent corpses of bizarrely devastating stagnation,

Neither did it know any fear; the most ominously massacring graveyards of the unsparingly jinxed spirit; or the most wretchedly plagued carcasses of the worthlessly wanton devil,

Neither did it know any victory; the most dynamically resurgent trouncing of the enemy at war; or the most forlornly lamenting losses of the gallows of wickedly

annihilating lies,

Neither did it know any fragrance; the most spell-bindingly tantalizing aroma of the poignantly scarlet rose; or the most unbearably melancholic odor of the abominable village gutter,

Neither did it know any language; the most blessedly sacrosanct of virile dialects; or the most vituperatively lambasting tongues of abhorrently truculent contemptuousness

As all the heart ever knew on the trajectory of this fathomlessly iridescent Universe and ever since this earth was conceived and created; was to immortally

throb for the unshakably burgeoning spirit of love; love and perpetual love; infact the only word upon which its dictionary of insatiable passion; started and indefinitely ended .

35. SHE REALLY, TRULY AND IMMORTALLY LOVED YOU.

When you possessed the most wealth in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because of the lure of forever and ever and ever; leading a majestically luxurious and opulent life,

When you possessed the most impregnably conspicuous muscles in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they knew that there was none other than you; who could protect them from even the most diabolical of catastrophe,

When you possessed the most inimitably gifted sense of humor in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they perennially wanted to be unabashedly tickled in their funny bone; even when uncontrollable mayhem reigned supreme upon the planet divine,

When you possessed most rare gift of magical clairvoyance in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they thought they'd lead a sparkling life forever; wholesomely averting every ghastly disaster that came their way; pre-warned by your miraculous aura,

When you possessed the most hypnotically mellifluous voice in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they thought that they'd eternally

float in the aisles of paradise; as you sang the most sensuously romantic of songs,

When you possessed the biggest birthmark in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they felt that timelessly being with you; would also

ensure that their otherwise jinxed and jilted destinies; would suddenly metamorphose into the most burgeoning flower of good luck,

When you possessed the most pricelessly embellished poems in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because of wanting their beauty to be transcended to the ultimate epitomes of superiority; as you indefatigably immortalized them in your verse,

When you possessed the most number of Nobel prizes for peace in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they thought that they'd never get a man more tranquil and tame than you; to infallibly exist for a countless more lifetimes,

When you possessed the most slavish nature in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they could make you lick the grime from their

boots all day and night; victoriously keep the chains of every aspect of your life

in their tiny fist,

When you possessed the most unassailably scented body in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they could forever drift away from the

ghoulish stink of sanctimonious worldliness; compassionately mollify their nostrils till their very last breath,

When you possessed the most insuperably masculine form in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely because they could then give vent to the most

uninhibitedly uncurbed of their desires; ravenously cuddling up the electrified hair on your brilliantly sculpted chest,

When you possessed the most terrorist organizations in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely to trade their tantalizingly seductive flesh; for every moment of their vividly undefeated life,

When you possessed the most number of Kingdoms in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely to unconquerably control the lives of boundless

countrymen; as the invincibly unbridled queen of all times,

When you possessed the most intriguingly innovative brain in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely to be discovered of a limitless intricate emotions of theirs; which were otherwise deplorably spat upon by the sleazily commercial planet,

When you possessed the most poignantly sensuous lips in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely to be endlessly kissed and thereby culminate

into a untamed fireball of unfettered passion; for as long as this earth exists,

When you possessed the most artistically blessed fingers in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely so that even the most infinitesimal part of their body could be admired and sketched; at the tiniest of their commands; and in every

conceivable shade of light,

When you possessed the most unshakable fame in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely so that even the most untrimmed cranny of their

bohemian fingernails; became the perpetually 24 X 7 X 365 talk of every single organisms mouth; on this unceasing globe,

When you possessed the most sharp vision in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely so that that they could put their foot into every possible

profitable venture existing; and then exit whenever the odds were astutely foreseen by you,

When you possessed the most loudly throbbing heart in the world; perhaps an infinite women came to you; solely assuming that here was where they could get the

ultimate fructification and friendship of their otherwise; wantonly infidel lives,

But when you didn't possess any of the above; and if yet there was just a single woman who came to you on the trajectory of this fathomlessly bewitching

Universe; then it was solely and solely because she really; truly and immortally loved you; for what you were in your most natural form; just as the Almighty

Lord had bountifully sent you .

36. WORRY. WORRY. WORRY. INFINITE TIMES WORRY.

Fatherless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to symbiotically exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally devastated; but still emerging victorious in whatever philanthropic you did; by the grace of

the Omnipotent Lord Almighty,

Motherless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to peerlessly exist till

the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally drained;

but still emerging victorious in whatever synergistic you did; by the grace of

the unassailable Lord Almighty,

Sisterless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to pricelessly exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally flabbergasted; but still emerging victorious in whatever benign you did; by the grace of the ever-pervading Lord Almighty,

Brotherless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to holistically exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally pulverized; but still emerging victorious in whatever innocuous you did; by the grace of the everlasting Lord Almighty,

Auntless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to innovatively exist till

the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionallyevaporated; but still emerging victorious in whatever celestial you did; by the grace of

the Omnipresent Lord Almighty,

Uncleless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to unimpeachably exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally deteriorated; but still emerging victorious in whatever innovative you did; by the grace of the unshakable Lord Almighty,

Grandmotherless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to blazingly exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally disheveled; but still emerging victorious in whatever proliferating you did; by the grace of

the impregnable Lord Almighty,

Grandfatherless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to inimitably exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally slithering; but still emerging victorious in whatever eclectic you did; by the grace of the ever-pervading Lord Almighty,

Friendless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to bounteously exist till

the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally castrated; but still emerging victorious in whatever artistic you did; by the grace of the unsurpassable Lord Almighty,

Childless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to royally exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally wrecked; but still emerging victorious in whatever humanitarian you did; by the grace of the unlimited Lord Almighty,

Religionless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to insuperably exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionallyconfounded; but still emerging victorious in whatever egalitarian you did; by the grace of the ubiquitous Lord Almighty,

Voiceless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to effulgently exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally decrepit; but still emerging victorious in whatever panoramic you did; by the grace of the invincible Lord Almighty,

Kinless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to gloriously exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally delirious; but still emerging victorious in whatever magnanimous you did; by the grace of the undefeated Lord Almighty,

Pastless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to iridescently exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally jilted; but still emerging victorious in whatever rejuvenating you did; by the grace of the eternal Lord Almighty,

Directionless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to unbelievably exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally flummoxed; but still emerging victorious in whatever discovering you did; by the grace of the unconquerable Lord Almighty,

Dimensionless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to amazingly exist

till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally flabbergasted; but still emerging victorious in whatever truthful you did; by the grace of the perpetual Lord Almighty,

Strengthless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to spell-bindingly exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally squelched; but still emerging victorious in whatever beautiful you did; by the grace of the Omnipresent Lord Almighty,

Clothless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to blissfully exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally disintegrated; but still emerging victorious in whatever romantic you did; by the grace of the interminable Lord Almighty,

Homeless. Don't worry. You'd definitely continue to ecstatically exist till the very end of your destined breath and time; perhaps emotionally squandering; but still emerging victorious in whatever righteous you did; by the grace of the Omniscient Lord Almighty,

But LoveLess. Worry. Worry. Worry and infinite times do Worry. For you're

going to die this right now this very moment; as where there's no love; every ounce of destiny; breath and life closes there and then itself; by the grace of the infallibly supreme Lord Almighty .

37. I'D STILL INSTANTANEOUSLY DIE .

If she said that she would tie the nuptial thread with me after some years; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear the inexorably demonic tyranny of having to

endlessly wait; for the immortally ultimate love of my life,

And even if she said that she wanted to perennially bond every of her breath with mine; I'd still instantaneously die; as the thunderbolt of untamed exhilaration; reached to the ultimate crescendo in every conceivable pore of my body .

If she said that she thought unceasingly ill about me; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear the venomously jilted attitude of a girl towards me; whom I infact loved the most on this fathomlessly enchanting planet,

And even if she said that she solely longed for nothing else on this earth but my masculine caress; I'd still instantaneously die; as the volcano of fanatic desire in every ingredient of my blood; would fanatically explode .

If she said that she wanted to date an infinite men right under my snaring nose; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear the dying beats of my venomously dying

soul; which had nothing else but her princely image timelessly embedded,

And even if she said that she truly and profoundly admired my unflinchingly peerless bravado; I'd still instantaneously die; as the Sun of the most ultimate praise in my life; charred me to my inevitably destined corpse .

If she said that she wanted to inexhaustibly use me only for my money; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear her salaciously parasitic brain; her persona

which I'd once upon a time considered the most priceless reflection of the Omnipotent Lord,

And even if she said that she hadn't seen another organism as poignantly artistic as me; I'd still instantaneously die; unstoppably ignited within the countless fervent lines of servitude that I'd sketched to depict her incomparably unbridled beauty .

If she said that she'd always wanted to torturously slave me till the ultimate graveyards of sadism; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear the despicable

wickedness of her brain; which I'd once upon a time considered at the most epitomizing cradle of creation in this entire Universe,

And even if she said that she interminably adored my unconquerably royal virility; I'd still instantaneously die; limitlessly erupting into the most vociferous expression of unfettered ecstasy; towards the highest peak of the impregnable sky .

If she said that she wanted to satanically crucify me right infront of the entire world; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear the diseased words that wafted from her mouth; those sacrosanct lips which I incessantly worshipped all sweltering day and sensuous night,

And even if she said that I was her most truthful harbinger on this unassailable planet; I'd still instantaneously die; as every conceivable bone of mine dissolved into nothingness; whilst living up to the fire of extremely immortalizing righteousness .

If she said that I was the last person on this earth who ever struck her mind; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear her prejudiced pompousness; whilst I

considered even the most infinitesimal line on her resplendent palms; as my irrefutable destiny,

And even if she said that I was redolently altruistic humanitarian on this unceasing globe; I'd still instantaneously die; as I renounced even the last ounce of breath from my lungs; to eternally live up to her benign proclamations about my impoverished soul .

If she said that I was the most cowardly living being on planet earth; I'd nstantaneously die; unable to bear her wanton sniggering; inspite of me invincibly

safeguarding her against the most pugnaciously terrorizing of devil; at her every step,

And even if she said that I was the ultimate messiah of the Omnipresent Lord on this astoundingly proliferating Universe; I'd still instantaneously die; in trying to prove to her that I fearlessly sacrificed my life; so that every other fraternity of living

kind could triumphantly survive .

If she said that she wanted to unstoppably suck blood from my veins everytime she felt hungry and emaciated; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear her heartlessly cold-blooded deliriousness; specially when every of her breath was the ultimate signature of my penuriously diminutive life,

And even if she said that I was the most beautifully replenished organism on earth; I'd still instantaneously die; spuriously bloating in her praise; till the tallest apogees of infinite infinity .

If she said that she had always loved someone else since her very first cry; I'd instantaneously die; unable to bear her devilish infidelity; after I'd taken birth an infinite times; just to be an integral impression of every of her queenly footstep,

And even if she said that I was immortally throbbing in every of her passionately pristine heartbeat; I'd still instantaneously die; out of sheer exhaustion; endlessly triggered by her complete acceptance of my originally uninhibited form .

38. UNDER THE VERY BROADEST OF DAYLIGHT

I wanted to inconsolably sob only when it was unrelentingly raining; so that every single droplet of my ungainly hysteria went astoundingly unnoticed; in the torrentially unabashed downpour,

I wanted to uncontrollably tremble only when it was ghoulish midnight; so that every single of my dastardly apprehension went incredulously unnoticed; in the swirl of the unsurpassably pitch dark blackness,

I wanted to intransigently scream only when it was unendingly reining pugnacious war all around; so that ever single of my arrogantly bigoted spark went stupendously unnoticed; in the thunderous roar of the enemy,

I wanted to pathetically urinate only when it was ferociously roaring sea all around; so that every single globule of my lividly fetid defecation went amazingly unnoticed; in the fathomlessly impregnable waters of the ocean,

I wanted to inevitably lie only when it was in the premises of the politicians dwelling; so that every single ingredient of my humanitarian fallacy went unbelievably unnoticed; in the ultimate mortuary of sacrilegiously unbearable wrongdoing,

I wanted to unceasingly bleed only when it was amidst a fathomless field of sliced watermelons all around; so that every single element of my unfathomable agony

went spectacularly unnoticed; in a cosmos of endlessly enriching redness,

I wanted to vindictively spit only when it was on the frosty shores of the boundlessly undulating ocean; so that every single molecule of my worthless saliva went

victoriously unnoticed; in a passionately unparalleled inferno of foaming froth,

I wanted to worthlessly yawn only when it was thunderously lightening cats and dogs all around; so that every single whisper of my lugubriously thwarted laziness went miraculously unnoticed; in the inexorably unstoppable roars of compassionate thunder,

I wanted to unabashedly groan only when it was an atmosphere being interminably inundated by the mellifluously selfless nightingale's sounds all around; so that every single penurious discrepancy of mine went magically unnoticed; in the melody of

universally bonding togetherness,

I wanted to childishly squabble only when it was solely a world of innocuously new born infants all around; so that ever single of my ridiculous babyishness went wholesomely unnoticed; in the incoherent wailing of uninhibitedly fresh born life,

I wanted to humanitarianly lose only when it was earth consisting of boundlessly glistening desert all around; so that every single of my decrepit loss went wondrously unnoticed; in the inexplicably unlimited cocoons of slippery sand,

I wanted to heartlessly massacre both plant and animal for feeding my stomach only when it was the absolute descent of oblivion all around; so that every single of my indispensably committed misdeed went forgivably unnoticed; in the cadaverous vacuum of already existing nothingness,

I wanted to visit the most sensuously nubile vixens only when it was the devil's invisible hour upon planet earth; so that every single desire of my rapaciously titillated flesh went wondrously unnoticed; in the forest of cannibalistically lamenting wilderness,

I wanted to pugnaciously pack a punch only when it was the epitome of Everest ruling supreme in the atmosphere; so that every single of my bludgeoning

impetuousness went thrillingly unnoticed; in the limitlessly unconquerable peaks of the earth,

I wanted to salaciously gamble only when it was an infinite waterfalls of inebriating liquor cascading all around; so that every single of my insatiable greed went uninterruptedly unnoticed; in the uncannily unending haze of uncontrollably faltering alcohol,

I wanted to impoverishedly stagger only when it was the mightiest of mountains crumbling down like a pack of frigid matchsticks all around; so that every single

of my wastrel faltering went beautifully unnoticed; in the unprecedentedly hurtling ambience of failure weighing supreme,

I wanted to defeatedly abort my own child only when it was a planet of hedonistic vultures satanically plucking stinking carrion all around; so that every single of my dastardly misdoings went superbly unnoticed; in the unimaginably demonic maelstrom of guttural malice,

I wanted to nimbly surrender only when it was a ludicrously eunuch like planet; neither masculine nor feminine all around; so that every single ounce of my

unmanliness went entirely unnoticed; in the frigidly asphyxiating smoke of jinxed impotence,

And I wanted to be captured by the spirit of Immortal Love; make fierily passionate love; give Omnisciently inimitable love; every unfurling instant of my diminutively destined life; yet more specifically under the most visibly blazing rays of the Omnipotent Sun; under the very broadest of daylight .

39. TOWARDS THE HEARBEAT OF OMNIPOTENT LIFE.

There were an infinite violently unstoppable winds; which so demonically lead you; forever towards the wind of ghastily stabbing and hedonistically sadistic death,

There were an infinite menacingly stormy seas; which so unsparingly lead you; forever towards the seas of devastatingly asphyxiating and cold-bloodedly

butchering death,

There were an infinite despairingly acrid deserts; which so aridly lead you; forever towards the deserts of uncouthly barbarous and horridly irrevocable death,

There were an infinite ghoulishly wailing spirits; which so deplorably lead you; forever towards the spirits of waywardly wastrel and salaciously maiming death,

There were an infinite torridly simmering droughts; which so heartlessly lead you; forever towards the drought of parsimoniously febrile and peevishly disoriented death,

There were an infinite belligerently blood-stained thorns; which so mercilessly lead you; forever towards the thorns of diabolically stinging and indescribably venomous death,

There were an infinite sadistically perverted leeches; which so cannibalistically lead you; forever towards the leeches of unbelievably maniacal and torturously morbid death,

There were an infinite misanthropically surreptitious marshes; which so abjectly lead you; forever towards the marshes of inconsolably fetid and vindictively pugnacious death,

There were an infinite anomalously ballistic shards; which so cruelly lead you; forever towards the shards of disdainfully livid and unceremoniously ominous death,

There were an infinite fecklessly prejudiced battlefields; which so emotionlessly lead you; forever towards the battlefields of sordidly crumbling and disastrously silencing death,

There were an infinite worthlessly obsessive manias; which so wretchedly lead you; forever towards the manias of cadaverously decrepit and dolefully naked death,

There were an infinite lethally gobbling earthquakes; which so satanically lead you; forever towards the earthquakes of hideously cantankerous and brutally squelching death,

There were an infinite criminally salacious screams; which so murderously lead you; forever towards the screams of bizarrely penalizing and treacherously obnoxious death,

There were an infinite gorily demented gutters; which so stealthily lead you; forever towards the gutters of insanely decrepit and indefatigably terrorizing death,

There were an infinite sacrilegiously gleaming knives; which so licentiously lead you; forever towards the knives of perilously strangulating and poisonously atrocious death,

There were an infinite truculently lambasting nights; which so unjustly lead you; forever towards the nights of horrifically blackened and unsurpassably devilish

death,

There were an infinite nefariously indigent nooses; which so horribly lead you; forever towards the nooses of perpetually stony and intolerably beheading death,

There were an infinite malevolently diseased curses; which so despondently lead you; forever towards the curses of unfathomably blighted and lecherously evaporating death,

And then there was just a single beat of her immortally throbbing heart; which so miraculously leads you; far away from the most bludgeoning gorges of death; and forever and ever and ever towards the heartbeat of Omnipotent life; even after you'd

veritably surrendered your physical form and died .

40. LOVER'S EYE.

Through the lovers eye; even the most fetidly repugnant of gutters; suddenly seemed like the most enchantingly glistening streams of jubilantly victorious paradise,

Through the lovers eye; even the most devastatingly burning forests of hell; suddenly seemed like the most unflinchingly blazing beams of the eternally undefeated Sun,

Through the lovers eye; even the most tauntingly hapless of failures; suddenly seemed like the most invincibly glorifying epitomes of inimitably unparalleled success,

Through the lovers eye; even the most morosely tear stained cheeks; suddenly seemed like the most robustly ecstatic toffees of perennially fructifying happiness,

Through the lovers eye; even the most cadaverously perverted of spirits; suddenly seemed like the most infallibly wondrous warriors of an optimistically effulgent tomorrow,

Through the lovers eye; even the most deliriously cacophonic madhouses; suddenly seemed like the most ultimate paradise's of spell bindingly ameliorating symbiotism,

Through the lovers eye; even the most acridly fathomless deserts; suddenly seemed like the most tantalizingly replenishing gardens of; majestically bestowing heaven,

Through the lovers eye; even the most cold-bloodedly excoriating of blood-coated thorns; suddenly seemed like the most torrentially pristine rain of royally ecstatic pearls,

Through the lovers eye; even the most disastrously orphaned of infants; suddenly seemed to be the most unconquerably aristocratic prince and princesses; of every conceivable space and time,

Through the lovers eye; even the most cursedly ghoulish houses; suddenly seemed to be the most invincibly compassionate dwellings in which resided countless families; of pricelessly humanitarian togetherness,

Through the lovers eye; even the most sadistically gleaming bars of prison; suddenly seemed to be the most blessedly fecund cradles of all-round prosperity; where there existed not the tiniest trace of feckless malice,

Through the lovers eye; even the most despondently impotent of barren soil; suddenly seemed to be the most infallibly burgeoning cloud of unchallangable

fertility,

Through the lovers eye; even the most irascibly squabbling of organisms; suddenly seemed to be the most ubiquitously harmonious harbingers of Omniscient truth and peace,

Through the lovers eye; even the most lecherously demonic parasites; suddenly seemed to be the most holistically surviving lanterns and mists of unprecedented joy,

Through the lovers eye; even the most laconically nonchalant entrenchments of oblivion; suddenly seemed to be the most vividly boisterous playgrounds

of uninhibitedly iridescent frolic,

Through the lovers eye; even the most satanically plundering of traitors; suddenly seemed to be the most rhapsodically gyrating fairies; just descended from the womb of heaven divine,

Through the lovers eye; even the most venomously gory battlefields of prejudice and lies; suddenly seemed to be the most blissfully mollifying rainbows of impregnable universal peace,

Through the lovers eye; even the most lethally unbearable anecdotes of infidelity; suddenly seemed to be the most amiably bonding mists of eternally victorious love,

And I just wished and wished and incessantly wished and prayed; that each one of us living beings who have so derogatorily become robotically commercial stonepieces these days; fall in true love this very instant irrespective of our age; caste; creed; status; color or tribe; and then forever and ever and ever possess the Immortal "Lovers Eye".

41. OUR RELATIONSHIP.

Our relationship was extraordinarily distinguished into an infinite infallible layers:

At times that of an obedient disciple and symbiotically sermonizing teacher; whilst blissfully imbibing the chapters of resplendently victorious life,

At times that of an impetuously screaming brother and wildly scratching sister; whilst squabbling over the most infinitesimally unwonted things; existing on the trajectory of earth divine,

At times that of brutally parched soil and lackadaisically dying grass blades; whilst thirstily suckling even the most inconspicuous globule of priceless rain water; that unabashedly tumbled from fathomless sky,

At times that of a ferociously chasing lion and nimbly scampering deer; whilst frenetically searching for those quintessential morsels of life-bestowing

food; in the day,

At times that of sacredly ameliorating soul and righteously palpitating conscience; whilst unconquerably assimilating the principles of the most royally undefeated truth,

At times that of a desperately groping man and adroitly sharp pickaxe; whilst exhaustibly digging for those indispensably luminescent coins of

glittering gold,

At times that of an inscrutably dancing pen and impeccably triumphant paper; whilst fervently penning down eternally burgeoning lines of Omnipotent poetry,

At times that of the intriguingly electric brain and sensuously magical eyes; whilst unstoppably fantasizing beyond the aisles of victoriously ebullient desire,

At times that of a ubiquitously nourishing mother and uninhibitedly expressing child; whilst flagrantly hurt from countless pernicious elements of the atmosphere,

At times that of a prudently guiding father and impudently argumentative son; whilst making the most poignantly sensitive decisions of vibrant life,

At times that of a blissfully snoring master and inevitably persevering slave; whilst the demands of unceasingly strenuous life; demanded commensurate portions of rest and ardent activity,

At times that of insuperably redolent blood and ecstatically blessed veins; whilst being immortally bonded into the most invaluably unshakable religion of humanity,

At times that of the eclectically sculptured masculine palm and inexplicably intrepid destiny lines; whilst handsomely rising up to even the most intangible challenge

posed by enchanting life,

At times that of a compassionately invincible nest and wholeheartedly sprawling tree; whilst jubilantly trying to safeguard diminutively innocent infants; from every precariously stabbing element of life,

At times that of an indomitably towering edifice and impregnably unflinching foundation; whilst trying to timelessly maintain the most peerlessly undefeated

equilibrium of existence,

At times that of frostily effervescent milk and royal toppings of enamoring cream; whilst passionately trying to savor even the most imperceptibly seductive flavor of survival,

At times that of an immortally passionate heart and unassailably throbbing beats; whilst freshly falling into the gorges of everlastingly epitomizing love,

And at times that of a stupendously virile husband and ravishingly potent wife; whilst invincibly wrapped in conjugal rhapsody in the fronds of the naked mattress; and making fearlessly untamed love .

42. WILL YOU STILL ACCEPT ME AS YOUR HUSBAND ?

Does only going to the corporate office from an exact 9 in the morning to 9 in the bewitching night; prove that a man is indeed an infallibly true husband to his

jubilantly vivacious wife?

Does only possessing a perfectly sculptured masculine and virile body; prove that a man is indeed an unconquerably blessed husband to his euphorically tantalizing wife?

Does only earning infinite bundles of quintessential currency note every month; prove that a man is indeed an inimitably worthy husband to his pristinely

effulgent wife?

Does only attending the world's premium cocktail parties and conferences; prove that a man is indeed a pricelessly undefeatable husband to his wondrously enthralling wife?

Does only draping each conceivable pore of the skin with the most opulent fabric; pearls; and ties available in the world; prove that a man is indeed a stupendously enamoring husband to his beautifully effervescent wife?

Does only attracting gargantuan hordes of crowds towards with the mere essence of a celebrity personality; prove that a man is indeed a deservedly smart husband to his insuperably redolent wife?

Does only unceasingly perpetuating the atmosphere with the scent of majestic cigar smoke and kingly wine; prove that a man is indeed a effulgently princely husband to his poignantly intricate wife?

Does only having an inimitably infallible signature proudly embossed on every existing check; prove that a man is indeed a regally eclectic husband to

his triumphantly gyrating wife?

Does only conversing at an unbelievably adroit nineteen to the dozen in the most enviably impregnable British accent; prove that a man is indeed an amazingly fulfilling husband to his unimpeachably contemporary wife?

Does only exuding into a billion globules of perseveringly golden sweat every day; prove that a man is indeed an earnestly hard working husband to his piquantly boisterous wife?

Does only possessing supernaturally miraculous qualities of being able to fly bare-chested in freezing air; prove that a man is indeed a truly devoted husband to his eternally replenishing wife?

Does only possessing an unparalleled sense of humor wherein even the most deliriously suicidal metamorphosed into smiling saints; prove that a man is

indeed a proficiently versatile husband to his robustly exhilarating wife?

Does only having a magically unwavering baritone that spell bound millions in minute seconds; prove that a man is indeed a bountifully ardent husband to His

unfathomably sensuous wife?

Does only writing countless lines of "Nobel Prize Winning" literature on Immortal Love; prove that a man is indeed an uniquely pioneering husband to

his unconventionally Samaritan wife?

Does only endlessly winning over every territory of the boundless earth; prove that a man is indeed a fervently unassailable husband to his magnetically enthralling wife?

Does only being inundated with infinite hair and glistening muscle on the chest; prove that a man is indeed an astonishingly audacious husband to his gregariously pretty wife?

Does only being an unequivocally svelte emperor on the world stage of unprecedented power; prove that a man is indeed a wondrously iridescent husband to his gorgeously supple wife?

Does only indefatigably gallivanting in the most scintillating of "Rolls Royce" and "Mercedes"; prove that a man is indeed an unmatched dream husband to his

unfathomably vanity wife?

Does only astoundingly sketching the persona of any organism on the unceasing Universe merely by fantasizing about the same; prove that a man is indeed

a jubilantly embracing husband to his charmingly benign wife?

And if didn't posses even a single quality amongst the several spell bindingly enriching ones as listed above; although each beat of my immortally throbbing

heart loves you like noone else could on this tirelessly proliferating planet; will you still accept me as your husband; O! darling wife ?

43. LETS FOREVER STAY; SOLELY AND ONLY AS IMMORTAL LOVERS.

Marriages. Mostly lead to a battalion of unceremoniously shameful expletives; hurled at each other in the very broadest of daylight; and with the sane world outside laughably watching,

Marriages. Mostly lead to severe difference of opinions; which many a times perpetuates the most sadistically gory bloodbath; profusely soaked in the savage devil's voice,

Marriages. Mostly lead to an infinite reproachful frustrations; with either partner unrelentingly tossing and turning in insatiably blood-curling malice; whilst the other slept celestially all throughout the royal night,

Marriages. Mostly lead to unsurpassably unbearable exhaustion; with either partner working unrelentingly and round the clock; to prove it to each other; as to how earnest they were in the process of sustaining indispensable life,

Marriages. Mostly lead to unfoundedly abashing fear; with either partner deplorably crouching down in deteriorating submission; to the other's chauvinistically venomous ways and commands,

Marriages. Mostly lead to unwontedly suicidal situations; with either partner many a times; found at the ultimate crumbling tip of the gigantically steep mountain; or with an inexhaustible barrel of poison in his hands,

Marriages. Mostly lead to wretchedly lambasting mental trauma; as both partners incessantly kept on pinpointing at the congenital weaknesses of the other; without the tiniest of ostensible reason or rhyme,

Marriages. Mostly lead to uncouthly tormenting blackness; as each beam of blazing optimism was brutally and iteratively crucified; as each partner irascibly dug up the obliviously sinful past; as the ultimate panacea to mollify the soul,

Marriages. Mostly lead to the diabolically vindictive coffins of squelching hell; as either partner so maliciously inflicted the same upon their destinies; executing infinite devilishly cursed acts in the tenure of their destined lifetime,

Marriages. Mostly lead to cannibalistically demented war; with each partner surreptitiously harboring the deadliest lethal contraptions of battle; to proclaim the commencement of disastrously consequential fierceness,

Marriages. Mostly lead to that preposterously meaningless court of justice; where the deliverance of an impartial verdict is impossible; as each partner equally shouted till eternity of the torture meted out to him; by the other,

Marriages. Mostly lead to the graveyards of satanically whipping emptiness; as each partner unstoppably surged forward to pursue his/her own goals; whilst miserably floundering to culminate into a heaven of compassionately united love,

Marriages. Mostly lead to perennially sacrilegious hatred; as either partner was pathetically unable to meet upto the expectations of the other; puking abhorrence as the sole vent to express unfinished desire,

Marriages. Mostly lead to flagrantly biased accusations; as either partner pugnaciously blamed the other; for not being able to parent a child; or a boundless other trivially inexplicable issues; of the kind,

Marriages. Mostly lead to hideously cadaverous prison; as either partner inevitably truculently faces the cold-blooded gallows of condemnation; for ruthlessly asphyxiating the other from his/her life,

Marriages. Mostly lead to intolerably criminal isolation; with either partner hail and heartily present at centimeters from each other; but yet preferring to wantonly stare into open space for hours immemorial; rather than amiably talk,

Marriages. Mostly lead to ignominiously incarcerating slavery; with either partner having to stoop down to the most inhumanitarian limits; and dementedly lick each ounce of grime on cold ground; to bring a smile of utter dictatorship to the other,

Marriages. Mostly lead to salaciously malevolent betrayal; as either partner at some or other stage in his/her life; gleefully absconded with the partner of his/her choice; overwhelmingly fed-up with the robotically dictatorial relationship,

So sweetheart!. Lets forever discover even the most inconspicuous aspects of our personalities with unabashedly endless fervor. Lets forever unite our priceless souls in the bonds of compassionate love; liberating it for all responsibilities. Lets forever stay; solely and only as the most Immortally embracing of lovers .

44. LOVE STORIES ARE IMMORTAL

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the art of uninhibitedly poignant sharing; devoting every element of your destined life; to the custody of your immaculate partner,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the wave of stupendously supreme faith; a perpetual trust in the character of your impeccable partner,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is a tornado of tumultuous newness unleashing every instant; flooding the soul with boundless colors of vibrant spice,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the idol of impregnable belief; an unimaginably everlasting trust in your partners ability to emerge ebulliently triumphant; in every path of fabulously enamoring life,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are winds of immaculately robust nostalgia; perpetuating both partners to float in the aisles of innocent desire; and forever be exuberantly alive,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are mountains of astronomically vivacious courage; defending the sacrosanct essence

of mesmerizing relationship; for centuries immemorial,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are rays of unassailably optimistic hope; overshadowing all those penuriously devastating moments in life; with the light of enchanting happiness,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are intermittently transient beams of mischievous flirtation; reinvigorating your

relationship with the astounding colors of piquant existence,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are pillars of mutually synergistic support; which harmoniously weave the stupendously supreme fabric of oligarchic romance,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the spirit of escalating belonging; which makes both partners feel forever young and boisterously gyrating to embrace radiantly handsome survival,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are fathomless milestones of insurmountably tingling newness; incinerating each pore of your abominably frazzled body; with unfathomably celestial melody,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are the fruits of eternally flamboyant caring; deluging each ingredient of scarlet blood; with the panacea to survive against the most treacherously acrimonious of times,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; are clouds of tantalizingly voluptuous craving; which make both partners wholesomely oblivious to the lecherously manipulative vagaries; of this manipulatively blood sucking society,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the sky of incomprehensible possession; which impregnably bonds both partners; in threads of amicably symbiotic brotherhood,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the unequivocal shelter of bountiful compassion; sequestering both partners; in

an inexorable fortress of everlasting solidarity,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the flower of eternally fragrant humanity; invincibly ensuring that both partners benevolently embraced all their immaculate counterparts; irrespective of caste; creed and

religion; alike,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the cradle of divinely romance; transpiring both partners to bond with realms of sacrosanct heaven; for centuries immemorial,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the fabric of unsurpassably heavenly empathy; which indefatigably coalesces both partners; in threads of rhapsodically contented symbiosis,

Love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the resplendent fountain of forgiveness; uplifting the honest conscience to entirely melange with Omniscient Godhead,

And love stories are immortal; but what makes them irrefutably succeed; is the ocean of ardently never ending heartbeats; spawning infinite new lives of perpetual yearning at every step; altruistically ensuring that God's most revered entrenchment of

creation; forever and unconquerably stayed alive .

45. THE GARLAND OF IMMORTAL LOVE

Not the slightest of apprehensions at all; basking in a land of gloriously flamboyant sunlight and wonderfully tantalizing imagery,

Not the slightest of cynicism at all; unequivocally marching forward in the melodiously blissful triumph of unfettered success,

Not the slightest of tears at all; smiling wholeheartedly as each instant of life unveiled;

whether in acrimoniously menacing storm; or whether in blissful valleys with grandiloquent moonshine bountifully pelting down,

Not the slightest of lechery at all; with every cloud of horrifically augmenting despair; automatically metamorphosing into a fountain of perennially blooming happiness,

Not the slightest of defeat at all; with unparalleled victory kissing you at every step you alighted; invincibly paving its way toward an unconquerable tomorrow; centuries immemorial,

Not the slightest of manipulation at all; uninhibitedly bouncing in a world of eternally

cascading richness; and tranquilly resplendent calm,

Not the slightest of desperation at all; perpetually relishing the unfathomably gorgeous reservoir; of natures magnificent sparkle; compassionately dancing

with the impeccably descending fairies,

Not the slightest of shame at all; congenially embracing and bonding with all religions; caste; creed on this planet; alike,

Not the slightest of hesitation at all; plunging like a majestically silken fairy; into an unsurpassably mystical valley; of endlessly exhilarating adventure,

Not the slightest of fanaticism at all; ubiquitously disseminating the immortal essence of peace and harmonious love; to the most remotest corner of this enthrallingly fathomless Universe,

Not the slightest of debilitation at all; with all Herculean power on this boundlessly Omnipotent planet; becoming your integral strength to face even the most

mightiest of inexplicable disaster,

Not the slightest of disease at all; indefatigably sprouting into a paradise of mesmerizing fantasy; and voluptuously seductive charm,

Not the slightest of nervousness at all; audaciously catapulting to the absolute zenith of prosperity; walking shoulder to shoulder with the winds of courage; fortitude and scintillating bravado,

Not the slightest of fracas at all; celestially flowering into the most stupendously divine world of overwhelming calm,

Not the slightest of dullness at all; unrelentingly spawning into a curtainspread of vibrantly vivacious perception; an insurmountably magical festoon of royal

boisterousness,

Not the slightest of morbidity at all; perennially proliferating into a sky of everlasting youth as time thunderously unleashed; irrevocably ensuring that the sacrosanct essence of life; never had a chance to end,

Not the slightest of dumbness at all; relentlessly humming the most marvelously enlightening tunes on this colossal globe; evolving into heavenly rays of freedom and unprecedented optimism,

Not the slightest of hopelessness at all; forever gushing with the incomprehensibly untamed ebullience of existence; bestowing the winds of peace and priceless humanity; upon one and all,

And Not the slightest of discrimination at all; incarcerating every organism with a passionately throbbing heart; in the fabulously impregnable ocean of enigma and romantic passion,

Such was the garland of immortal love; which was the very reason that you were breathing alive today; and would continue to exist as the most blessed for

countless more births to come; everytime the Creator waved his little finger for you to be born once again .

46. AS MUCH AS I LOVED HER

As much as I loved her lips beyond anything else on this mesmerizing Universe; profoundly enthralled by the voluptuous sheen that encapsulated their royal

periphery,

I incessantly prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless them with the tenacity to survive against inexplicable gloom; which I knew was an inevitable impediment at

some stage or the other; of everybody's vibrantly synergistic life .

As much as I loved her eyes beyond anything else on this boundlessly beautiful Universe; relentlessly staring into their impeccable whites; as she traversed

like a fairy in my barren garden of nothingness,

I indefatigably prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless them with the fortitude to survive against devastatingly crippling tears; which I knew were an

inevitable hindrance at some stage or the other; of everybody's rhapsodically blooming life .

As much as I loved her hair beyond anything else on this sparklingly colossal Universe; intransigently drowning in their fabulous glory for times immemorial,

I irrevocably prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless them with the resilience to survive against ludicrously withering whiteness; which I knew was an inevitable decay; at some stage or the other; of everybody's bountifully charismatic life .

As much as I loved her voice beyond anything else on this majestic Universe; profusely blending each step of my impoverished existence with the stupendous magic of her heavenly tunes,

I unfathomably prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless it with the solidarity to survive against ridiculously wavering cacophony; which I knew was an inevitable obstacle at some stage or the other; of everybody's ecstatically vivacious life .

As much as I loved her cheeks beyond anything else on this gregariously wonderful Universe; compassionately kissing them under the pearly mysticism of milky moon;

till times beyond veritable eternity,

I tirelessly prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless them with the courage to survive against obnoxiously abominable wrinkles; which I knew were an inevitable barricade at some stage or the other; or everybody's enchantingly blissful life .

As much as I loved her ears beyond anything else on this wonderfully ravishing Universe; suckling heavenly peace from their pricelessly dangling lobes,

I perpetually prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless them with the conviction to survive against mockingly turbid deafness; which I knew was an inevitable hurdle

at some stage or the other; in everybody's euphorically galloping life .

As much as I loved her stomach beyond anything else on this congenially symbiotic Universe; being captivated in a tantalizing entrenchment of seductive thrill each

time she nimbly swished her divinely countenance,

I perennially prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless it with the ardor to survive against unprecedented pangs of hunger; which I knew was an inevitable blockade at

some stage or the other; in everybody's celestially blessed life .

As much as I loved her feet beyond anything else on this unsurpassably enigmatic Universe; passionately kissing every mark that they left on bedraggled bits

of soil,

I forever prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless them with the fervor to survive against acrimoniously ghastly thorns; which I knew were an inevitable criminal at some stage or the other; in everybody's sacredly contented life .

As much as I loved her shadow beyond anything else on this fathomlessly mystical Universe; basking in the inscrutably delectable enigma of her gorgeously alluring reflection,

I incorrigibly prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless it with the resolution to survive against ethereally surreptitious extinction; which I knew was an inevitable culprit at some stage or the other; in everybody's wonderfully sprouting life .

And as much as I loved her breath beyond anything else on this gigantically poignant Universe; taking birth a countless more times with the incomprehensibly unparalleled life that she exhaled,

I constantly prayed to the Almighty Lord to bless it with the realization to survive against diabolically sinister death; which I knew was an inevitable end at some stage or the other; in everybody's ubiquitously redolent life .

47. THE MOST BLESSED

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single jewel in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she incessantly led me through a trail of unrelenting fantasy and insurmountable yearning; making me blossom into profoundly enamoring newness with the profuse captivation in her enamoring lips .

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single moment of happiness in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she compassionately stared at me till times beyond conceivable eternity .

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single cloth in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she cast her invincible magic through each element of my impoverished blood and diminishing senses .

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single roof to survive in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she enigmatically teased me into a land more majestic than bountifully resplendent paradise .

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single space to enjoy in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she titillated me indefatigably; to ebulliently arouse me out of my ghastly corpse; every time I tried to sleep; in the heart of pernicious midnight .

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single talent in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she pacified all my murderously hedonistic apprehensions; with the ingratiating melody in her voice .

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single fantasy in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she instilled the virtue of uninhibited sharing and brotherhood; in each ingredient of my severely decayed blood .

Even if you didn't bestow upon me a single adventure in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she made me perceive the most voluptuously ravishing sights on this fathomless planet; with the impeccable softness embedded in her marvelous eyes .

And even if you didn't bestow upon me a single droplet of water; a single morsel of food in this entire lifetime of mine; I would still consider myself the most blessed man on earth,

Because I had her immortally priceless love incarcerated well within the beats of my heart; as she danced like a celestial fairy to grant me a countless more lives; enshrouding my diminutively bedraggled existence with the Omnipotent light of humanity; a mellow greater than the handsomely divine .

48. YOU WERE THE ONLY ONE

My life was a languid lake of nothingness; evaporating at tumultuous speeds at each second unleashed itself into a wholesome minute,

Your were the only one to step in it; ignite cloudbursts of insatiably untamed desire; as you sighted it with the Omnipotent fire in your heavenly eyes .

My life was a wisp of extinguishing smoke; subsiding to worthless nothingness even before the most insipid of flames could arise,

You were the only one to step in it; metamorphose its dreary complexion to a land above paradise; as you caressed it with your majestically divine feet .

My life was a bedraggled cloth; disdainfully tattered at umpteenth number of places; and the ungainly holes augmenting horrendously on each impoverished step that

I tread,

You were the only one to step in it; add boundless glittering stars to its miserably grotesque demeanor; with the tantalizing cadence in your stupendous voice .

My life was a stinking gutter; with the savagely uncouth world stuffing its surplus dirt in my devastated belly; each time it passed by,

You were the only one to step in it; transform it into an everlasting ocean of uninhibited passion; with the unfathomable poignancy in your crimson blood .

My life was a pathetically squelched flower; with beasts indiscriminately trampling over it; to eventually make it blend with infinitesimal specks of morbid dust,

You were the only one to step in it; enshroud it with a perpetual fragrance of humanity from all sides; with the ravishing melody in your magnanimously enchanting stride .

My life was an ultimate disaster; stubbornly staggering to coalesce with inexplicable pain every instant; even before I could alight a single foot,

You were the only one to step in it; evolve it into a fountain of blossoming rhapsody and tangy happiness; with your benevolently charming smile; that escalated

above the starry skies .

My life was a treacherously sinister wave; indefatigably shattering against the rocks of horrific despair; even before it could culminate into the minutest of ecstatic froth,

You were the only one to step in it; impregnate its sordidly fading contours with unrelenting enigma; as you bounced perennially in a garden seductive excitement; compassionately embracing the winds of newness .

My life was an infertile battalion of seeds; ludicrously stagnating and stifling to a remorseful death; beneath the soil of worthlessly manipulative malice,

You were the only one to step in it; engendering it to bear the most unsurpassable repertoire of fruit on this boundless Universe; as you weaved a trail of irrefutable truth and sharing; across its haggardly crumbling swirl .

And my life was a scorching desert withering towards veritable extinction; as the Sun blazed a trifle extra in the sweltering afternoon skies,

You were the only one to step in it; enlighten it immortally with love; feeling; a spirit to unflinchingly survive; with your gloriously relentless heartbeats forever bonding with mine .

49. I WOULD STILL CONTINUE TO LOVE HER

Even if you massacred both my eyes; gruesomely blinding me for the remainder of my pathetically devastated life,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my ears; ensuring that the tiniest insinuation of danger stayed countless miles away from her overwhelmingly

mesmerizing countenance .

Even if you assassinated both my ears; diabolically slashing my dangling lobes apart into a ludicrously pulverized curry of sinister flesh and bone,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my cheeks; compassionately grazing across her divinely forehead; witnessing her bloom in a corridor of perpetual

ecstasy for times immemorial .

Even if you bombarded both my cheeks; exonerating their profusely rubicund cheer into disastrously barbaric sadness,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my nostrils; instilling fireballs of unsurpassable passion in every breath of hers; that she magnetically exhaled .

Even if you barbarically stabbed both my nostrils; satanically decimating them to infinitesimal specks of languid ash,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my lips; becoming the majestic smile that besieged her perennially; in times of gloom as well as unprecedentedly untamed happiness .

Even if you devilishly thrashed both my lips with chains of acrimonious hatred; transformed their complexion into a ghastly fountain of invidiously fulminating blood,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my shoulders; carrying her to the most invincible places of safety; to the ultimate paradise of her royal choice .

Even if you annihilated both my shoulders; extinguishing them gorily with ferocious strokes of the savagely scintillating sword,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my palms; uninhibitedly bestowing each element of my prosperous destiny upon her; marvelously embellished and sacrosanct life .

Even if you mercilessly chopped both my palms; transposing their conglomerate of flesh and bone with the inner most recesses of the remorsefully morbid grave,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my legs; galloping at a velocity faster than white lightening in the sky; to grant her the most insatiable euphoria of her magnanimously blessed life .

Even if you crippled both my legs; uncouthly squashing the most intricate of their nerves with hideously monstrous tyres of the speeding truck,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my shadows; mystically enshrouding every cranny of her seductively tantalizing existence .

And even if you blended the unfathomably deplorable island of hell with both my shadows; murderously extricating every bit of their stupendous charisma and

grace,

I would still continue to love her immortally with my heart; soul and conscience; which try as much you could; you wouldn't be able to ever conquer; as they

proliferated indefatigably even after this planet had ceased to exist; poignantly bonded with the OMNIPOTENCE OF HER LOVE .

50. CLINGING TO MY BELOVED

When I clung to the body of the preposterously huge shark; it made sure within the next few seconds; that I would never be able to cling on any tangible or intangible surface; once again,

When I clung to the body of the satanically serrated crocodile; the beast relished this as the chance of its life; pulverizing me to nascent mincemeat; before he had time to wink his large eyes,

When I clung to the body of the pompously inflated gas balloon; the plastic snapped deliberately some thousand feet above the ground; leaving me literally counting my every breath; before I eventually disintegrated to minuscule pieces with the stones,

When I clung to the body of seductively silvery snake; the monster savagely hissed all tales of his private life into my intricate ears; before venomously sealing the tale of my impoverished existence,

When I clung to the body of the diabolical dinosaur; it gazed at me contemptuously like a grizzly haired lizard; the finally christened me a worthless mosquito; before stamping the last breath out of my shivering chest; with his gigantic feet,

When I clung to the body of the tumultuously enraged bull; it nastily stared at my uncontrollably trembling countenance for a few instants; before goring insidiously treacherous holes in each part of my skin,

When I clung to the body of the crazily dancing tarantula; it supremely enjoyed spinning a web all across every part of my body; before injecting its pernicious venom deep down my slavering throat,

When I clung to the body of the drearily exhausted traveler; he hurled me into the gory well without any second thoughts; commanding me to fetch him his inevitably golden pail of water; from amidst hostile fish; century old tortoise and slimy frog,

When I clung to the body of the fulminating volcano; the maelstrom tossed me like a piece of infinitesimally meaningless cake; before charring me to threadbare bits of miserly white ash,

When I clung to the body of the voluptuously tantalizing seductress; she extracted all the happiness she could from my clattering skeleton; before dumping me amidst invidiously wandering ghosts in the morbid graveyard,

When I clung to the body of the ludicrously guffawing clown; he first and foremost tossed me like elastic candy to appease his famished spectators; and then made me laugh out my entire breath out of my lungs; tickling me voraciously with his sleazy wand,

When I clung to the body of the ravishingly slippery creeper; I dozed harmoniously under the milky moon for a few minutes; before I eventually realized that devilish leeches hovering around; had consumed the last drop of my blood and flesh,

When I clung to the body of the spell binding magician; he ardently stared at me for marathon hours; before metamorphosing my rubicund demeanor into a burnt matchstick; which he then proudly flung into his cheering crowd,

When I clung to the body of the lethally black scorpion; it frantically wandered all over my skin; before finally deciding to vindictively stab me; right in the center of my eye,

When I clung to the body of the Herculean boxer; he suspended me at perilous inches from the ceiling; using the frigidly curled intestines of my stomach; as

his ultimate boxing bag,

When I clung to the body of the indiscriminately conquering devil; he made it irrefutably sure; that I resided in the island of penalizing hell; in every birth I got a chance to be born,

When I clung to the body of the incongruously unruly butcher; he held me upside down seizing my writhing feet; massacring the hair on my scalp; before masticating me to pungently delicious and high calorie meat,

When I clung to the body of the body of the betraying solider; he threw me as a titillating bait for his hedonistically marching enemy; then rested in celestial harmony; as they bombarded me to absolution with their; incomprehensible flurry of tanks and

grenades,

And finally when I clung to the body of my sacrosanct beloved; it was here that I was reborn once again; for countless more times than I had lost life previously; immortally bonding with the passionate heat of her heart; mind and soul; to blissfully change the complexion of commercially strangled human kind .

## The End .

 
You die; I die – Love Poems – Part 8

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my Book as above described , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

### 

###

###

### Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

About The Poetry Book - This Book which has 50 differently titled Poems is actually Part 8 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. ONCE AGAIN

2. ALIVE AS A GHOST

3. DEFINITELY NOT ONE OF THOSE

4. THE ONLY PANACEA

5. THOSE WHO BREATHED IT

6. PLACE ME IN HER IMMORTAL FEET

7. JUST KEEP LOVING ME

8. THE ONLY MISSION

9. OR ELSE BECOME

10. DESTINED TO LOVE

11. THERE WAS NO HEART BORN   
12. PREGNANT   
13. RENUNCIATION   
14. PERPETUAL WERE THE MOMENTS   
15. I WASN'T PREPARED

16. OPENLY

17. LOVE IS BLIND   
18. EVEN AFTER THIS EARTH; WAS NO LONGER MINE

19. IMMORTAL ELECTRICITY

20. LOVE ME   
21. ALL THAT WAS NEEDED

22. TRAMPLED BY HER LOVE

23. THAT WOMAN

24. THE MOST FERVENT SLAVE

25. PLEASE NEVER FREE ME

26. DON'T BREAK MY HEART   
27. EXCEPT THE DIVINE

28. ONLY IN YOUR PRICELESS HEART

29. YOUR KISS

30. BUT ALL THAT HARDLY MATTERED

31. CHASE

32. TOMORROW'S OF LOVE

33. GIVE ALL MY LIFE TO HER

34. SUCH WAS THE POWER OF IMMORTAL LOVE

35. THE WAVES OF IMMORTAL LOVE

36. ONLY FOR YOUR IMMORTAL BEATS

37. WHY DID YOU COME INTO MY LIFE ?   
38. WHY SHOULD I ?   
39. SHARE WITH ME   
40. MAXIMUM COMFORT

41. MY LOVE STILL LAY IN YOUR HEART

42. YOUR HEART SAID IT ALL

43. WHO WAS SHE ?  
44. IMMORTAL WIFE

45. PARADISE

46. BREAKING THE STUMPS

47. LOVE IS MAGIC

48. NOBODY'S EVER STOPPED YOU   
49. JUST FORGET IT BUDDY

50. BUT WHAT TO DO WITH THIS HEART

1. ONCE AGAIN

After witnessing your ravishingly enamoring eyes; I felt as if as bountiful feathers of beauty had descended upon this impoverished planet; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your fabulously congenial lips; I felt as if the drearily dilapidated winds had suddenly commenced to vivaciously sing; once again; after

centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your tantalizingly delectable belly; I felt as if stars in the sky had profoundly enlightened every cranny of this ludicrously gloomy planet; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your immaculately golden cheeks; I felt as if the withering summits had ebulliently escalated well above the corridors of azure sky; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your voluptuously bushy eyebrows; I felt as if the monotonously bedraggled Universe had embraced the aisles of uninhibited freedom; once

again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your ingratiatingly mesmerizing voice; I felt as if the blanket of manipulatively bizarre apprehensions had metamorphosed into an enchanting paradise; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your immaculately compassionate palms; I felt as if streams of tingling melody cascaded through the agonizingly scorching sands; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your stupendously brazen hair; I felt as if the unfathomable battalion of sullen peacocks; danced the best dance of their lives; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your profusely inscrutable shadow; I felt as if each ray of the majestic Sun scintillated in magnificent brilliance; once again; after centuries

immemorial,

After witnessing your marvelously ecstatic earlobes; I felt as if milky moonlight seductively chased all beauty on this fathomless earth; once again; after

centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your gloriously gyrating belly; I felt as if angels had plummeted down from the cosmos to frolic; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your unbelievably inebriating redolence; I felt as if the lackadaisical evening blazed through the corridors of untamed exhilaration; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your intriguingly sprouting nostrils; I felt as if every treacherously tyrannized stone on this earth had metamorphosed into celestial life; once

again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your incredulously glistening fingers; I felt as if a carpet of astounding enthrallment had settled miraculously on every dwelling besieged with inexplicable pain; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your supremely divinely sound; I felt as if all those tottering pathetically towards the tunnels of abominable extinction had got a reason to

live; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your majestically poignant feet; I felt as if a fantastically euphoric garden of roses had spawned on every desolately capricious path; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your astonishingly sparkling perspiration; I felt as if the clouds of prosperity had caressed the globe's feet; once again; after centuries immemorial,

After witnessing your passionately diffusing breath; I felt as if the perpetual essence of peace and unity had ubiquitously disseminated to every quarter of the

staggering planet; once again; after centuries immemorial,

And after witnessing your immortally beating heart; I felt as if every invidiously sinister anecdote of uncouth betrayal had transformed into the chapter of

eternal love; love and only love; once again; after centuries immemorial .

2. ALIVE AS A GHOST

Even though I was in the heart of a crucial business meeting; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her immaculately ravishing eyes; the glow that immortalized their stupendous glory; beyond the corridors of eternity,

Even though I was in the center of the acrimonious battlefield; with arrows and bullets venomously ricocheting from all sides; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her voluptuously smiling lips,

Even though I was eating my meal after a thousand days; desperately trying to rejuvenate my drearily dried intestines; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her celestially tinkling and inscrutable feet,

Even though I was trespassing over a dungeon of hideously lethal reptiles; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except the compassionate warmth which diffused poignantly from her philanthropic palms,

Even though I was being brutally thrashed with barbaric glass; each pore of my skin bleeding towards submission; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her tantalizingly slender neck; which made me insatiably wild,

Even though I was thrown uncouthly from the aircraft; without a parachute strapped on my back; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her charismatically alluring eyelashes,

Even though I was given poison to drink; with each iota of the diabolical liquid treacherously forced into my tiny throat; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except the insurmountable titillation of her majestic belly,

Even though I was scorching miserably; orphaned till times beyond infinity in the midst of the heinously sweltering desert; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her mystically enchanting and incredulously enthralling shadow,

Even though I had a few seconds left before being pulverized by the satanic dinosaur; as his preposterously pernicious form closed upon my chest; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her voluptuously rubicund cheeks,

Even though I was tossed like a matchstick in the sky; after a deadly juggernaut of trucks collided head on with my ribs; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her magnanimously benevolent stride,

Even though I was indiscriminately tyrannized as a slave; lecherously forced to lick the saliva of my master as he vomited pools of it with every sneeze; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her ingratiatingly melodious voice,

Even though I was ripped apart into a countless halves by the savagely speeding tornado; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her tumultuously

rhapsodic freedom; the supreme enchantment in her eyes,

Even though I was whipped with waves of despicable desolation; with all the richness of this planet kicking me like a piece of adulterated shit; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her vivaciously bouncing hair,

Even though I was gruesomely burnt alive; with the conventionally murderous society hurling every ounce of petrol in their dwellings upon my impoverished form; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else except her unbelievably rosy and delectable tongue; the gorgeous cadence that wafted from her voice,

Even though I was sinking to the bottom of the gargantuan ocean; with a fleet of rebellious shark darting at whisker lengths from my body; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her seductively charming adams apple,

Even though I was being absorbed by the island of flagrantly devastating hell; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her exquisitely embellished and artistic fingers,

Even though I was being ruthlessly asphyxiated with threadbare rope; a horde of criminals trying their best to slit every portion of my throat; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except her astoundingly dangling and surreally fantastic

earlobes,

Even though I was staggering on each path of life; licking dust even before I could alight a single foot of mine; I still couldn't fantasize about anything else; except the tumultuously fiery breath that cascaded beautifully from your nostrils,

And even though I had died centuries ago; without a single trace of me or my rudiments now to be found on this boundlessly majestic Universe; I still couldn't

fantasize about anything else except her passionately immortal heartbeats; her immortal love that had kept me ebullient and alive; even as an insipid ghost .

3. DEFINITELY NOT ONE OF THOSE

I might be just a minuscule speck of dust loitering aimlessly under the fathomless belt of sky; shivering inexplicably every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who got devoured pathetically with the tiniest draught of electric wind .

I might be just a grizzly haired rat; poking my nose pertinently at every smudge of cheese; playing hide and seek with my scornful master; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who got ruthlessly got trapped within the diabolical mousetrap; surreptitiously laid at every corner to besiege me .

I might be just a cube of insipidly frigid ice; cold-bloodedly reacting to all the tumultuous heat enshrouding me; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who melted into horrendously tame submission; as the Sun shone a trifle more than it usual self .

I might be just an obdurately infinitesimal stone; uncouthly bereft of the slightest of emotion; gruesomely stumbling in life; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who got satanically kicked beyond the realms of obsolete oblivion; even before the infant could raise its nimble foot .

I might be just a diminutively stray droplet of water; reflecting the profound staleness in the lecherously corrupt atmosphere; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who got evaporated into baseless wisps of ridiculous nothingness; as the season of sweltering summer; overtook the cold winds in the sky .

I might be just a rotten fruit; swishing capriciously with the viciously swirling breeze; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who got devilishly pulverized; even as the giant transgressed boundless kilometers away from my body .

I might be just an insurmountably torn cloth; dissipating into a countless fragments as people walked; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who got ripped apart into tyrannical extinction; as the menacing pigs rampaged to appease their murderous gluttony .

I might be just a tiny alphabet inscribed gently on shimmering sands; disgruntling my shape horrifically as the waves struck the shores; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who blew past the corridors of deplorably stinking hell; each time the dictator exhaled his light breath .

And I might be just a profoundly devastated beat; vacillating between the tenterhooks of life and death; every now and again,

But I was definitely not one of those; who got swiped in entirely from the trajectory of this planet; witnessing the girl of my dreams slip from my heart; to bond with the boy whom I considered an irascible pest .

4. THE ONLY PANACEA

There was medicine available to kill the hideously parasitic rats; savagely corrupting the robust pile of salubriously sparkling apples,

But the only panacea to wholesomely decimate treacherous terrorism from its very non-existent roots; was immortally united harmony .

There was medicine available to kill the ominously slithering reptile; trying to invidiously infiltrate its lethal fangs into delectable curtains of impeccable flesh,

But the only panacea to wholesomely massacre the web of ghastly lies from every quarter of this planet; was unflinchingly irrefutable truth .

There was medicine available to kill the flurry of obnoxious termites; disdainfully crawling upon immaculately shimmering wood,

But the only panacea to wholesomely annihilate malicious prejudice from insidiously dilapidated hearts; was the ocean of perennially uninhibited sharing .

There was medicine available to kill the mountain of devastating ants; capitalizing on every opportunity to pertinently suck and feast on gloriously radiant blood,

But the only panacea to wholesomely assassinate monotonous manipulation from the lecherous society; was the unfathomable fortress of compassionate belonging .

There was medicine available to kill dogs on the road; diffusing the deadly germs of rabies in every innocent pedestrian wandering around,

But the only panacea to wholesomely scrap barbaric bloodshed and indiscriminate racializm; was the irrefutably everlasting religion of humanity .

There was medicine available to kill miserably pathetic dysentery; metamorphose overwhelmingly drained bodies into one with sparkling charm and astounding charisma,

But the only panacea available to wholesomely slaughter senselessly orphaned greed; was the ointment of perpetually wholehearted and unequivocal acceptance .

There was medicine available to kill the savagely diabolical vultures; perniciously trying to pluck out immaculately glistening eyes,

But the only panacea available to wholesomely destroy traitors from the complexion of soil; was the intrepidly flamboyant spirit of eternal bravery .

There was medicine available to kill the abominably repelling cockroaches; loitering in countless numbers beside the sullen lavatory seat,

But the only panacea to wholesomely swipe ungainly death forever from this colossal Universe; was vivaciously Omnipotent and sacred life .

And there was medicine available to kill the irascibly hovering mosquito; infuriatingly disrupting celestially delightful snores of; ravishing nocturnal sleep,

But the only panacea to wholesomely finish horrifically crippling betrayal from poisoned souls; was the cloudburst of impregnably IMMORTAL LOVE .

5. THOSE WHO BREATHED IT

Those who followed it; became the most blessedly bountiful entities on this fathomless planet; blending with the invincible fortress of perpetual harmony,

Those who dreamt about it; became the most fabulously surreal winds on this wonderful planet; celestially leading each moment of their compassionate lives,

Those who craved for it; became the most aspiring organisms on this mesmerizing planet; relentlessly marching forward to achieve above their defined targets in life,

Those who respected it; became the most learned idols on this boundless planet; stupendously imbibing and executing the symbiotic laws of existence,

Those who embraced it; became the most impregnably powerful lands on this astronomically extraordinary planet; defending the most treacherously mightiest

battles with the tenacity in their souls,

Those who admired it; became the most ardently fabulous artists on this unfathomably wonderful planet; capturing the incomprehensible beauty

lingering around; on their immaculately Omnipotent canvas,

Those who stared at it; became the most passionate philosophers on this magnificently enchanting planet; absorbing even the most infinitesimal iota of

happiness lingering uninhibitedly in free space,

Those who chased it; became the most exhilaratingly adventurous fountains on this charismatically magnetic planet; plunging into a valley of mysticism as each

second wholesomely unveiled itself,

Those who prayed for it; became the most Omnipotently proliferating organisms on this enigmatic planet; unitedly surging forward in the religion of humanity,

Those who worshipped it; became the most majestic endowments on this royally blooming planet; manifesting each of their benevolent dreams into a perpetual reality,

Those who saluted it; became the most bestowed organism on this insatiably gorgeous planet; transforming each instant of monotonously threadbare

life into a sky diffusing resplendently opulently light,

Those who caressed it; became the most sensually romantic whirlpools on this grandiloquently princely planet; unconquerably sizzling to infernos of untamed

desire; as the night unleashed into dazzling day,

Those who danced with it; became the most rhapsodically perennial butterflies on this seductively colossal planet; soaring euphorically in the skies; till times beyond eternal eternity,

Those who kissed it; became the most fantastically compassionate waterfalls on this tantalizing planet; disseminating the immortal essence of peace and love

on every path they merrily philandered through,

Those who preached it; became the most sagaciously learned on this marvelously robust planet; immortalizing the essence of benevolently philanthropic existence,

Those who nostalgically reminisced it; became the most impeccable child on this wonderfully boundless planet; shrugging debilitating disease and disparaging

dilapidation forever,

Those who empathized with it; became the most profusely poignant pearls on this exotically enlightened planet; enshrouding each moment of life with bountifully ecstatic paradise,

Those who breathed it; became the most voluptuously titillating whirlwind which never died; spawning countless of its kind; even as the earth outside interlocked in pugnaciously hostile war and malice,

And even the greatest of God's bowed down before it; instilling its goodness inevitably; in each organism that they splendidly created; for it was none other

than LOVE; LOVE AND JUST IMMORTAL LOVE .

6. PLACE ME IN HER IMMORTAL FEET

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether a dinosaur would brutally pulverize me; or whether the electric bolts of lightening would strike me head-on

from the ominous sky,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and blend

with gruesomely pathetic cocoons of soil .

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether a sword would rip me apart to infinite pieces; or whether the lion would swallow me without a single yawn,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and settle down forever in the interiors of my abominably ghastly corpse .

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether a speeding truck would satanically crush my bones; or whether a dungeon of venomous snakes would stab each part of my eye,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and coalesce with stinkingly grizzly walls of my murderous coffin .

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether an earthquake would devastate me to raw ash; or whether a forest of wild elephants would break each bone of my tender spine,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and melange forever with horrendous worm and termite countless kilometers beneath soil .

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether a battlefield of hostile vultures would pluck my heart out; or whether the roof would suddenly collapse on my

skull; metamorphosing me into an inconspicuous fly,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and bond

with wisps of worthlessly non-existent oblivion .

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether a violently cataclysmic sea would drown me; or whether the horde of cold-blooded wolves would make a curry

out of me; for their nocturnal delights,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and forever sink into the trajectories of imprisoning nothingness .

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether a bullet would explode the most intricate arenas of my brain; or whether the ominously satanic witches would

sacrifice me like white mice,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and leave for my expedition of irrevocably ultimate disaster .

I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether a shock would treacherously electrocute each ingredient of my body and blood; or whether the mountain of lethal scorpions would pierce my innocuous flesh; like barbaric chicken fry,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and disparagingly disappear without leaving; even a single trace of mine .

And I didn't want to know how I was going to die; whether the land of mesmerizing heaven sent its harbingers to take me; or whether uncouthly lecherous hell descended on every step that I tread by,

But it is my humble plea to you O! Almighty Creator; to place me in the immortal feet of my beloved; just as I was about to relinquish my last breath; and sleep like ghost in my grave; with no medicine able to open my dead eyes .

7. JUST KEEP LOVING ME

Just keep looking at me till eternity; as you exactly did so innocently; when you witnessed my impoverished grace; the very first time you met me,

Just keep embracing me till eternity; as you exactly did so passionately; when you brushed past my inexplicably shivering countenance; the very first time you met me,

Just keep smiling at me till eternity; as you exactly did so impeccably; when you came face to face with the ardent contours of my face; the very first time you met me,

Just keep blushing at me till eternity; as you exactly did so fervently, when you kissed me on my insatiably famished cheeks; the very first time you met me,

Just keep holding my palms till eternity; as you exactly did so tenaciously; when you marched past compassionately across my penuriously wavering shadow; the very first time you met me,

Just keep supporting me till eternity; as you exactly did so resiliently; when you perpetually united with my philanthropic cause to save mankind; the very first

time you met me,

Just keep staring at me till eternity; as you exactly did so incorrigibly; when you sighted my frantically groping visage; the very first time you met me,

Just keep flirting with me till eternity; as you exactly did so magically; when you played hide and seek with my drifting shadow; the very first time you met me,

Just keep titillating me till eternity; as you exactly did so ravishingly; when you teased each iota of my drearily devastated senses; the very first time you met me,

Just keep inspiring me till eternity; as you exactly did so intransigently; when you focussed me relentlessly to achieve my benign missions of life; the very first time you met me,

Just keep frolicking with me till eternity; as you exactly did so enchantingly; when you triggered the child in my soul to blossom beyond the skies; the very first time you met me,

Just keep singing with me till eternity; as you exactly did so royally; when you wholesomely coalesced your sound with mine; the very first time you met me,

Just keep fantasizing with me till eternity; as you exactly did so magnificently; when you instilled the dreams of tantalizing paradise in my bedraggled persona; the very first time you met me,

Just keep caressing me till eternity; as you exactly did so voluptuously; incinerating infernos of untamed desire in each ingredient of my poignant blood; the very first time you met me,

Just keep talking to me till eternity; as you exactly did so stupendously; impregnating meadows of unfathomably astronomical courage in my nervously fluttering heart; the very first time you met me,

Just keep tickling me till eternity; as you exactly did so mischievously; when you made me erupt into whirlpools of uninhibited laughter; the very first time you met me,

Just keep surging with me till eternity; as you exactly did so irrefutably; when you profusely melanged your mind; body and spirit with mine; the very first time you met me,

Just keep breathing with me till eternity; as you exactly did so unconquerably; when you pledged to live and die with my diminutive form; the very first time you met me,

And just keep loving me till eternity; as you exactly did so invincibly; when you immortally bonded each of your heartbeats with the tumultuously throbbing ones

that were mine; the very first time you met me .

8. THE ONLY MISSION

The only mission that my hands were born for; was to defend your magnificently enchanting entity; from the most inconspicuous iota evil lingering around,

The only mission that my legs were born for; was to transport you invincibly safe; to the most splendidly rejuvenating destination of your choice,

The only mission that my eyes were born for; was to enshroud your life with brilliantly majestic sight; enlightening your every disparagingly gloomy path with

profoundly optimistic light,

The only mission that my tongue was born for; was to flood each aspect of your monotonously languid existence; with the sound of enamoringly melodious

happiness,

The only mission that my lips were born for; was to trigger an everlasting smile upon the impeccable contours of your face; kiss you till times beyond eternal infinity,

The only mission that my teeth were born for; was to perspicaciously disentangle the thorns from the fruits you ate; pulverize all the gruesome impediments that came your way,

The only mission that my shadow was born for; was to entrench your royal countenance from all sides; with incredulously fabulous enigma; and mystically tingling excitement,

The only mission that my neck was born for; was to dexterously drift for you in an infinite directions; finding you the ultimate clouds of paradise; which you had perennially desired,

The only mission that my fingers were born for; was to maneuver you like an invincible fortress even in the most treacherous of darkness; even in the most

insidiously bizarre moments of life,

The only mission that my ears were born for; was to indefatigably massacre those diabolical voices trying to ghastily perpetuate through your pristine surroundings; decimate even the most infinitesimal trace of obnoxious sound before it could arise,

The only mission that my blood was born for; was to impregnate all those despairingly lackluster moments of your bedraggled life; with an insurmountably

overpowering aroma; more poignant than the rain pelting down,

The only mission that my versatility was born for; was to marvelously fulminate the artist lingering profusely in each of your ecstatically royal senses; engender you to erupt into an unfathomable myriad of bountiful directions,

The only mission that my mind was born for; was to propel you to tirelessly fantasize; dream in an ocean of incomprehensibly silken charm; oblivious to the manipulative vagaries of the uncouth world outside,

The only mission that my lashes were born for; was to ignite the flirtatious child in your charismatic persona; make you feel every instant as if blooming with the freshest cry of blissful life,

The only mission that my patriotism was born for; was to unrelentingly march forward till the time you achieved your absolute goal in life; wholesomely evict

the flurry of disastrously abominable traitors hovering around your divine countenance,

The only mission that my skin was born for; was to sequester your immaculately shivering visage; from the acrimonious rays of midday Sun; as well as avalanches

of gruesomely freezing winter,

The only mission that my soul was born for; was to perpetually ensure that your irrefutably heavenly spirit continued to robustly exist; even centuries after you had died,

The only mission that my breath was born for; was to make you forever live with the astronomical fervor of life; witness you magnificently blossom into a fountain of resplendently dancing moonlight,

And the only mission that my heart was born for; was to immortally grant you the love of your destined life; not only for this; but fathomless more exotically vibrant lifetimes .

9. OR ELSE BECOME

Either give all those impoverished; their relentless festoon of dreams; granting every blissful fantasy of theirs lingering in their hearts,

Or become a majestic pearl of imagination yourself; diffusing royally grandiloquent thoughts from your innermost soul .

Either give all those feebly dithering towards extinction; their lost quota of invincibly formidable strength,

Or become a perpetual mountain of power yourself; sequestering the disastrously infirm; from every uncouthly treacherous onslaught of manipulatively stinking mankind .

Either give all those shivering in gruesome blackness; their oligarchic tunnels

of brilliantly flamboyant light,

Or become a perennially everlasting inferno of flames yourself; compassionately healing inexplicably oozing wounds; with the Omnipotence in your senses .

Either give all those ruthlessly famished; their tantalizingly appetizing morsels of robust food,

Or else become a fountain of gloriously rubicund fruit yourself; appeasing inevitable pangs of life-threatening hunger; with the indispensable nutrients in your scarlet blood .

Either give all those pathetically sad; their share of unprecedentedly blossoming happiness,

Or else become a garland of wholehearted smiles yourself; incessantly metamorphosing diabolical gloom into rhapsodically exuberant joy .

Either give all those barbarically orphaned; their indispensable winds of unequivocal sharing and warmth,

Or else become a river of bountiful endowment yourself; uplifting the treacherously deprived till the time they reached the ultimate paradise; that they had always intrinsically desired .

Either give all those with maimed arms and feet; their insatiable exhilaration to gallop forward ebulliently in every aspect of enigmatic life,

Or else become a messiah of unfathomable peace and love yourself; enlightening all satanically devastated lives; with the ingratiatingly gorgeous aura of your countenance .

Either give all those mentally retarded; their naturally nascent ocean of incredulous creativity,

Or else become a cloud of fragrant intelligence yourself; ubiquitously disseminating the spirit of fabulous newness in every township besieged with lackadaisically dumb boredom .

And either give all those having lost romance; their unsurpassable sky of ecstatically ravishing happiness,

Or else become an immortally unceasing idol of sacrosanct love; showering the essence of philanthropic humanity; passionately bonding every tumultuously bereaved heart that you witnessed .

10. DESTINED TO LOVE

Perhaps he was destined to relentlessly swim in the poignantly tangy oceans; tirelessly wading across the unsurpassably stormy waves all sweltering day and resplendently star studded night,

While perhaps she was destined to laze like a princess on the surreally untamed mountaintop; with the mystical entrenchment of clouds majestically tantalizing every iota of her voluptuously nubile skin .

Perhaps he was destined to trespass on a battalion of indiscriminately satanic thorns; unrelentingly oozing into an ocean of ghastly blood; more rampantly as the instants unfurled into wholesome minutes,

While perhaps she was destined to blend with the fragrance of heavenly goodness all her life; coalescing even the most infinitesimal iota of her regale countenance; with the winds of unbelievably benevolent tranquility .

Perhaps he was destined to guzzle preposterously ominous venom; incarcerating every ingredient of his immaculate blood with the coffins of horrifically

asphyxiating torture,

While perhaps she was destined to float in the aisles of unparalleled desire for infinite more births yet to unveil; coalescing every element of her vivacious life with the stupendously ingratiating melody of this enchanting planet .

Perhaps he was destined to abominably rot in the dungeons of condemnation; with every entity trespassing him; rebukingly whipping his nimble body with swords of diabolical exasperation,

While perhaps she was destined to timelessly philander on unfathomable meadows of pure silk; uninhibitedly freeing each of her impeccable senses to perennially bond with the divine .

Perhaps he was destined to transgress through only disastrously gory impediments every unleashing second of his life; sardonically bearing the brunt of the conventionally turgid and ruthless society,

While perhaps she was destined to embrace the waves of irrefutably invincible triumph since the moment she opened her celestial eyes; wonderfully assimilating

all spellbinding righteousness lingering in the magical atmosphere .

Perhaps he was destined to deplorably loiter in dolorously fetid lavatories of baseless lies; exploding into a graveyard of licentious manipulation even as he was about to exhale his very last breath,

While perhaps she was destined to be the ultimate harbinger of eternally sacrosanct truth; propagate the unconquerable essence of symbiotic humanity; to even

the most obsolete cranny of this limitless planet .

Perhaps he was destined to be uxoriously torched into realms of worthless extinction; indefatigably be pulverized by the truculent maelstrom of treacherously trampling demons,

While perhaps she was destined to replenish even the most inconspicuous speck of her soul; with the unendingly eclectic artistry of this gigantically exuberant earth .

Perhaps he was destined to taste meaninglessly atrocious dust and stone; even before he could tread a single step; even before he could execute the most mercurial puff of his disdainfully staggering breath,

While perhaps she was destined to unveil into a fabulous festoon of boundlessly beautiful colors; romance in the sensuously fathomless entrenchment of enigmatic life; for times immemorial .

Perhaps he was destined to unsparingly burn under the ferociously blazing inferno of debilitatingly persevering summer; having to climb mountains as Herculean as the Omnipotent Sun; for moistening his lips with even a single droplet of water,

While perhaps she was destined to ebulliently frolic in the lanes of heavenly mischievousness; leading each moment of her blessed life like an ecstatically newborn princess .

But one thing was unassailably; one thing was what even the Omniscient grace of the Almighty Lord couldn't ever deny,

That they were both destined to immortally love; marvelously bonding the rhythm of their compassionately throbbing hearts; with the beats of impregnable existence; with the spirit of everlasting living kind .

11. THERE WAS NO HEART BORN

There was no balloon born on this Universe which did not preposterously burst; unrelentingly diffuse into boundless fragments of gruesomely pulverized rubber;

at being pricked,

There was no desert born on this Universe which did not acrimoniously simmer; relentlessly torch countless organisms in vicinity; to inconspicuously threadbare

fragments under the sweltering Sun,

There was no ocean born on this Universe which did not ravishingly undulate; enchantingly disseminate into an unsurpassable mountain of mesmerizing froth; every

unfurling minute of the night and flamboyant day,

There was no star born on this Universe which did not gregariously twinkle; aristocratically pacify even the most inexplicably traumatic misery; with the

profoundly miraculous Omnipotence in its shine,

There was no camel born on this Universe which did not laggardly hunch; exhilaratingly ingratiate even the most drearily alien of travelers; with its amiable

smile in all times,

There was no rose born on this Universe which did not bountifully blossom; ubiquitously propagate the essence of wonderfully timeless equality; to even the

most remotely fathomless quarter of this Omniscient planet,

There was no cloud born on this Universe which did not celestially intoxicate; indefatigably mesmerize all gruesomely remorseful morbidity in the atmosphere;

with infinite colors of vibrantly fulminating love,

There was no dewdrop born on this Universe which did not fabulously romance; sensuously enlighten every treacherously whipping iota of drudgery on this

commercial globe; with an unfathomable canvas of optimistic light and artistry,

There was no eyelash born on this Universe which did not mischievously flutter; blissfully transit even the most monotonously mechanical entities; back into

realms of impeccably heavenly childhood,

There was no mind born on this Universe which did not wildly fantasize; let itself uninhibitedly wander in the lanes of untamed voluptuousness; fervently hoping

that this reverie didn't end for centuries immemorial,

There was no shadow born on this Universe which did not enigmatically shimmer; perpetuate every bit of dolorously vengeful space in the cosmos; with stupendously princely tranquility,

There was no truth born on this Universe which did not symbiotically unite; coalescing all thunderously powerful and diminutively timid; in threads of eternal

mankind and alike,

There was no destiny born on this Universe which did not handsomely magnetize; baffling even the most sagaciously stringent norms of science and contemporary chemistry; with the unsurpassable ocean of intricacies in vivacious life, with an

unsurpassable ocean of piquant vacillations in vivacious life,

There was no tortoise born on this Universe which did not tirelessly laze; feasting its unbelievably potbellied belly in overwhelmingly harmonious tandem; with the light of the simmering Sun,

There was no rainbow born on this Universe which did not vividly enthrall; bestowing a limitless entrenchment of eclectically fructifying desire upon every despicably bereaved organism; on this fascinating planet,

There was no lion born on this Universe which did not majestically roar; unconquerably reign supreme as the king of the mystical jungle; everytime this earth

magnanimously proliferated and was enchanting born,

There was no woman born on this Universe which did not graciously attract; inevitably drawing even the most sonorously whiplashing of organisms; in her

tumultuously tantalizing and sensuously divine swirl,

There was no breath born on this Universe which did not unstoppably bless; evolve an impregnable entrenchment of godly solidarity and charisma; on every deplorably barren cranny of this endless earth,

And there was no heart born on this Universe which did not perpetually love; bonding each of its beats with its unendingly transpiring passion; immortally

following its tunes for infinite more births yet to come; irrespective of whatever might come its way .

12. PREGNANT

He made my eyes spell bindingly pregnant; with insurmountable mountains of perennially compassionate empathy; the unrelentingly fantastic tunnels of desire

hovering in his life,

He made my lips magnetically pregnant; with an unlimited festoon of poignantly amiable smiles; the winds of boundlessly triumphant euphoria that indefatigably circumvented his existence,

He made my skin resplendently pregnant; with a valley of fathomlessly nubile goose-bumps; handsomely disseminating the charismatic electricity of his majestic persona; wholesomely into mine,

He made my hair astoundingly pregnant; with an unsurpassable ocean of stupefying exhilaration; permeating them ravishingly with the ebulliently magical caress that lay in his princely palms,

He made my ears exotically pregnant; with waterfalls of everlasting melody; blissfully enshrouding the baseless hollowness of my life with his tunes of vibrantly victorious existence,

He made my mouth beautifully pregnant; with an endlessly fructifying garden of harmonious scent; enthrallingly imparting the fragrance of his eternally flamboyant survival entirely into mine,

He made my blood passionately pregnant; with untamed infernos of ecstatically scintillating yearning; celestially diffusing his spirit of philanthropically divine mantra of life; profusely into even the most inconspicuous of my stride,

He made my pulse ingratiatingly pregnant; with the waves of intrepidly unflinching adventure; sensuously bestowing his mystically emphatic touch all over my

uncontrollably trembling body,

He made my shadow fascinatingly pregnant; with magnificent cisterns of fantastically unending enigma; bestowing upon his cradle of unbelievably royal voluptuousness on every cranny of my drearily lambasted skin,

He made my teeth blazingly pregnant; with limitless skies of bountifully scintillating shine; gorgeously bequeathing the legacy of his aristocratically patriotic footsteps; upon the fabric of my shattered life,

He made my fingers dexterously pregnant; with unfathomable shades of regale artistry; chivalrously blending the reservoir of gargantuan sensitivity of his senses; in unshakable entirety with mine,

He made my chest fearlessly pregnant; with fortresses of solidarity and invincible courage; altruistically imparting the magnanimously pristine goodness of his

soul; to every bit of inadvertently malicious lies in the chapter of my life,

He made my conscience pregnant; with unassailable fireballs of godly truth; marvelously wafting the astonishingly proliferating and righteous scent of his

stride; into my miserably withering life,

He made my cheeks pregnant; with an unending entrenchment of bountifully embellished scarlet blushes; magically pouring the reverberations of his

overwhelmingly sensitive visage; into the meaninglessly wavering crux of heartless existence,

He made my hands gloriously pregnant; with an impregnably ubiquitous canvas of aristocratic destiny lines; timelessly maneuvering even the most mercurial

iota of my existence with the winds of uninhibited freedom; that incessantly emanated from his demeanor,

He made my brain fabulously pregnant; with unlimited aisles of thunderously overpowering fantasy; the enthrallingly heavenly rhythm of his existence being

the ultimate dream that I tirelessly perceived,

He made my breath pricelessly pregnant; with insatiably untamed whirlpools of vibrantly eclectic life; miraculously healing even the most inexplicably cancerous of my wounds; with his melody of benign mankind,

He made my belly sacredly pregnant; with his mischievously bouncing child; making me feel as the most richest organism on this Universe; without even a penny in my pocket and for infinite more births of mine,

And he made my heart immortally pregnant; with his tale of jubilantly iridescent love; a perpetual bonding which none on the planet could ever conquer; even after the planet itself came to a veritably ghastly end .

13. RENUNCIATION

Renunciation from dolorously heinous stagnation; the corpses of crippling decay that had so vindictively strangulated every aspect of my impoverished existence,

Renunciation from preposterously dastardly stench; the unfathomably abominable filth of bizarre manipulation; that had so treacherously pulverized me on every step

that I dared to tread,

Renunciation from despicably claustrophobic monotony; the knives of insane bloodshed and gory war; pugnaciously stabbing me from all sides,

Renunciation from indefatigably squelching dreariness; the seeds of invidious laggardness; making me disdainfully collapse like a pack of frigid matchsticks; even before I alight a single step,

As I perpetually blended myself with the unsurpassably exotic petals of the poignantly proliferating nature; solely inhaling its Omnipotently philanthropic fragrance; for infinite more births of mine yet to handsomely unveil .

1 .

Renunciation from tyrannically lambasting slavery; the blood-stained chains of malevolent dictatorship which had so brutally excoriated the shades of my

vivaciously resplendent existence,

Renunciation from robotically corporate machinery; the pompously spurious and ghastly walls of ignominiously castigating office; which had so indiscriminately

incarcerated me from nine to nine,

Renunciation from graveyards of fretful cowardliness; the ghosts of baselessly horrific fear; venomously poisoning my immaculately fantastic mind all the time,

Renunciation from the shells of grotesquely sinister diffidence; the feckless hypochondriac that tried to annihilate me with its swords of unrelenting

viciousness; every unfurling minute of the day and the bountifully star studded night,

As I surrendered every ingredient of my mind; body and soul; to the invincibly Omnipresent inferno of spell binding righteousness; coalescing with the fabric of

unflinching truth till the Lord had destined the very last breath of my life .

3 .

Renunciation from the conventionally meaningless society; the derogatorily sinful wisps of sleazy cigar smoke and sanctimonious slang; which had rendered my

survival more exacerbated than the wounds of a wailing dog,

Renunciation from the tornadoes of gory war; the rain of innocent blood that poured unstoppably on my countenance; as countless lost their lives in battles of color and tribe,

Renunciation from the gutters of unforgivable corruption; the raunchy wad of salacious notes; indefatigably trying to weigh every ingredient of my holistically blessed survival,

Renunciation from disastrously stray loneliness; the winds of murderously rebuked isolation; overwhelmingly overpowering me; for ostensibly not the slightest

fault of mine,

As I wholeheartedly embraced the religion of eternally endowing humanity; blissfully burgeoning in its swirl to continue God's most sacred chapter of creation; perpetually bonding with every synergistically living organism and its kind .

4 .

Renunciation from shattered glasses of asphyxiated boredom; the whiplashes of irascibly pernicious and anomalous sodomy that truculently impeded me; on every

stage of my life,

Renunciation from the web of transiently surreptitious desire; the untamed infernos of insurmountably bawdy delight that sporadically crept up from nowhere in

clear space; into my wandering soul,

Renunciation from the tunnels of abhorrently sordid betrayal; the pathetically reverberating edifices of prurient prejudice; parasitically deteriorating the beats of my marvelously celestial existence,

Renunciation from inexplicably slandering misery; the incomprehensibly livid ant holes of cancerous disease; which so tumultuously augmented in every part of my

sensitive blood and skin,

As I immortally bonded every beat of my heart with hers forever and ever and ever; with the unassailably unparalleled fires between our bodies miraculously quelling all agonizing pain not only for this birth; but each time the Creator gifted this earth to

eclectic mankind .

14. PERPETUAL WERE THE MOMENTS

Golden were the moments; when I gallivanted through the rain soaked hills; with the boisterous chirping of the sparrows being my everlastingly exhilarating rhyme,

Golden were the moments; when I swam uninhibitedly in the marvelously undulating sea; with an unfathomable cascade of tangy froth; insurmountably tantalizing each of my monotonously dreary senses,

Golden were the moments; when I unrelentingly whispered with the enigmatically rustling trees; profusely blending even the most infinitesimal of my senses with the winds of inimitably ebullient ecstasy,

Golden were the moments; when I poignantly danced with the resplendent peacocks; euphorically relishing every bit of majestically crimson cloud; in the fathomless

firmament of blue sky,

Golden were the moments; when I indefatigably floated in the aisles of unsurpassable fantasy; tirelessly conceiving the exuberantly unending beauty of this bountifully boundless earth,

Golden were the moments; when I was an immaculate child; wholesomely bereft of even the most inconspicuous vagaries of existence; blissfully bouncing in the lap of my divinely sacrosanct mother,

Golden were the moments; when I had first stepped into the dormitories of school; ingratiatingly relishing the camaraderie of my mates; erupting into compassionate whirlpools of laughter at even the tiniest of provocation,

Golden were the moments; when I felt the blazingly beautiful rays of the morning Sun; Omnisciently healing even the most inexplicable trace of disease; invidiously enshrouding my nimble countenance,

Golden were the moments; when I relentlessly rolled on gregariously fresh grass; sensuously inhaling the tantalizing aroma of glistening dewdrops; as the Moon

glimmered to its most profound radiance in the cosmos,

Golden were the moments; when I suckled honey from the melodiously brimming hives; embellishing my impoverished visage with the astronomically aristocratic sweetness of the Mother Nature,

Golden were the moments; when I clambered like an untamed chimpanzee upon the mystically philandering hills; drifted in surreal unison with the romantically gorgeous clouds; for centuries unprecedented,

Golden were the moments; when I smelt the unbelievably effulgent lotus; profusely drowning my mind; body and wavering soul; into an unsurpassable ocean of

chivalrously fabulous scent,

Golden were the moments; when I played with the rollicking crabs on the pristine seashores; with the majestic froth of the titillating sea handsomely tingling each of my haplessly staggering breath,

Golden were the moments; when I innocuously flirted with ravishingly nubile maidens in the realms of ardent desire; igniting fires of unconquerable passion; even in the heart of the morbidly insipid night,

Golden were the moments; when I earnestly prayed to the Almighty Lord; philanthropically serving all fraternities of harmoniously holistic living kind,

Golden were the moments; when I reminisced my past with my eternal parents; irrefutably saluting all insurmountably endless perseverance that they had

displayed to bring me up; every instant of their hard-fought life,

Golden were the moments; when I unfurled into a meadow of fascinatingly limitless artistry; vivaciously painting the infinite shades of existence; on the barren canvas of my devastatingly wandering life,

Golden were the moments; when I gallivanted barefoot under the enchantingly streaming moonlight; beautifully submerging my entire persona in impeccable

cisterns of emollient milk,

Golden were the moments; when I regally expunged my every breath; was triumphantly endowed by a chance from the Almighty Lord; to celestially diffuse into

fabulously voluptuous and vibrant shades of eclectic life,

Golden were the moments; when I divinely penned down gorgeously symbiotic poetry; profusely reveling the countless shades of charismatic enchantment; that were

a stupendous gift from the Lord Almighty,

Golden were the moments; when I thoroughly enthralled even the most intricate of my senses; intensely listening to the enigmatically astounding reverberations of the; thunderously echoing valley,

Golden were the moments; when I amiably communicated with different tribes; caste and creed; feeling the niceness of wonderfully royal humanity; heavenly perpetuate every shade of my dwindling survival,

Golden were the moments; when I traced the piquant outlines of my palms; resplendently endeavoring to decipher the eluding trajectories of spell binding

destiny,

Golden were the moments; when I timelessly lay at the feet of my revered mother; incorrigibly following her paths of unshakable righteousness; on every sphere of

the earth that she humbly tread,

Golden were the moments; when I feasted my penuriously blinded eyes; on the magically proliferating winds of glorious nature; witnessed in awe-struck splendor; as

innocent fledglings hatched in mesmerizing tandem from their crystalline eggs,

Golden were the moments; when I patriotically marched forward to unflinchingly lead life; resolutely pledged to unite all mankind one and alike; even as the most

treacherously ghastly impediments tried to brutally thwart me on my way,

But perpetual were the moments; when I fell in love; immortally bonding every ingredient of my blood with her godly life; as she led me like a priceless prince

through the corridors of magnificent newness; through the fortresses of a friendship which would continue taking birth; even after the entire earth had come to

a gruesomely stuttering end .

15. I WASN'T PREPARED

I was prepared to wait for robust health; spending many a limitless decade; miserably entwined in the dungeons of decaying debilitation,

I was prepared to wait for fascinating desire; worthlessly whiling countless hours on the trot; in the mists of disparagingly dolorous monotony,

I was prepared to wait for enchanting prosperity; remorsefully stagnating on infinitesimally threadbare soil; with my haplessly tattered rags splitting more

obnoxiously than ever before; under the sweltering Sun,

I was prepared to wait for unflinching camaraderie; staggering like a worthless urchin on the desolate streets; with only insidiously parasitic mosquitoes perched in unfathomable quantities on my lambasted chin,

I was prepared to wait for scintillating righteousness; wasting the entire tenure of my

impoverished life; truculently besieged by the graveyard of delinquently deteriorating lies,

I was prepared to wait for voluptuous desire; meaninglessly trespassing through the aisles of nothingness and cripplingly lackluster stoicism; for infinite more births yet to unveil,

I was prepared to wait for triumphant happiness; horrendously kissing the corpses of ghastly malice and defeat; till the time I traumatically tread on the trajectory of this earth,

I was prepared to wait for insatiable ecstasy; derogatorily rotting in unsurpassably pallid doomsday; letting my entire visage metamorphose into a gutter of criminally sucking leeches,

I was prepared to wait for unconquerable glory; meekly subjugating my body to the whiplashes of the society; pathetically collapsing like a pack of soggy matchsticks; even before a soul could raise his voice,

I was prepared to wait for dazzling flamboyance; stupidly diffusing every unfurling instant of my life; into a coffin of delinquently gruesome morbidity,

I was prepared to wait for Herculean strength; withering away like an insipidly insulted porcupine; at even the most diminutive draught of parsimonious wind,

I was prepared to wait for majestic eloquence; barking like a disastrously cacophonic and wounded crow; till the last breath I ghoulishly exhaled,

I was prepared to wait for unequivocally explicit candidness; substituting the chapter of my life; with the webs of satanically bizarre manipulation instead,

I was prepared to wait for patriotic victory; baselessly pulverizing myself every unleashing moment of my life; with the threadbare smoke of derogatorily dastardly defeat,

I was prepared to wait for exhilarating mysticism; deliberately enshrouding my agonizingly trembling demeanor; with maliciously devilish monotony from all

sides,

I was prepared to wait for prolific success; nonchalantly swallowing the tail of thwarting failure; everytime I exuded into even the most infidel of movement,

I was prepared to wait for spell binding aristocracy; lecherously staggering on each path of my life; abhorrently dedicating each second of my time; swapping flies on the walls of my sordidly stinking hutment,

I was prepared to wait for ravishingly perpetual breath; insanely offering every element of my mind; body and soul; to the thunderously marauding demon and

the hell of torturous death,

And I was prepared to wait for every conceivable comfort and richness on this fathomless earth O! Almighty Lord; but I wasn't the slightest prepared to

wait for her ecstatically vibrant caress; I wasn't the slightest prepared to wait for her celestially immortal and bountiful love .

16. OPENLY

Secretly she admired my fluttering eyelashes; insatiably wanting to trap every element of her magnetic countenance; forever and wholesomely with mine,

Secretly she insatiably romanticized about my patriotic stride; relentlessly wanting me to trespass through her gateways of unparalleled romance,

Secretly she unrelentingly dreamt about intermingling her fingers with mine; compassionately incarcerating even the most infinitesimal ingredient of my

countenance; with her bountiful rhyme,

Secretly she timelessly perceived about philandering with me behind the gloriously sun soaked hills; mischievously nibbling the barren regions of my chest; as frosty winds of winter embraced us from all sides,

Secretly she intransigently fantasized about wandering with me through the aisles of boundless desire; basking in the untamed glory of my ardently blazing perspiration,

Secretly she limitlessly conceived herself to be perennially sandwiched within my frantically outstretched arms; replenishing even the most mercurial of her senses; with the scent of unprecedented brazenness that enshrouded my visage,

Secretly she insurmountably pictured herself in my lap on the absolute summit of the moonlit hills; profoundly relishing the ravishing beams of the moon; as my breath poignantly cascaded on her tantalizing skin,

Secretly she indefatigably visualized my rollickingly fluttering earlobes; fervently desiring to peck them with her sensuous teeth; all sweltering day and night,

Secretly she continuously envisaged the periphery of my charismatically rubicund lips; triumphantly wishing to enigmatically kiss me; till the very end of my time,

Secretly she fathomlessly wanted to encapsulate the irrefutably sparkling honesty of my soul; exotically blending with the fragrance that diffused from my masculine armpits,

Secretly she endlessly daydreamt about my swirling hair; irrevocably wanting to run her poignantly intricate fingers through my boundless garden of silken strands,

Secretly she ingratiatingly gallivanted with my ethereally sensuous shadow; eternally coalescing with my fantastically wandering impressions for decades immemorial,

Secretly she blissfully gyrated with my nimbly compassionate visage; pulsating with the persevering rhythm of my life; on even the most acrimoniously disastrous step that I tread,

Secretly she uxoriously lay at my rustically bohemian feet; drowning into a world of unfathomable enchantment; celestially enthralled as I innocuously snored,

Secretly she irrefutably philosophised even the most diminutive cadence that I uttered; unflinchingly believing in whatever I decided to undertake in the chapter of my vibrantly mesmerizing life,

Secretly she found me the ultimate prince of even the most evanescent of her dreams; divinely patronizing the essence of my ideals to even the most fathomless quarters of this colossal Universe,

Secretly she kept me forever in the innermost realms of her conscience and breath; sacredly cherished even the most inconspicuous iota of my aura in the very center

of her majestic chest,

Secretly she remained imprisoned in the whites of my eye for infinite more births of mine yet to unveil; immortally bonding every aspect of her existence forever with my every stride,

But OPENLY she loved me; transcending over all caste; creed; spurious religion and tribe on the trajectory of this fathomless Universe; and OPENLY she disclosed it to one and all on this earth and beyond; that I was hers and would always remain like that till the end of time .

17. LOVE IS BLIND

It could be overpoweringly uncompromising; with its magnetic swirl transcending over every conceivable organism in holistic vicinity,

It could be profoundly one sided; with the unfathomable chariots of ardent desire chasing the mesmerizing mists of eluding seduction; day in and day out,

It could be brutally unforgiving; with even the most mercurial iota of suspicion; disastrously ruining its silken fabric; till times beyond infinite infinity,

It could be unflinchingly exhilarating; with even the truculently mighty of maelstroms disintegrating like a pack of frigid matchsticks; in front of its invincibly divine caress,

It could be majestically passionate; with its kiss of timeless voluptuousness becoming an Omnipotent glow; even as the gallows of disparaging hell wholesomely coalesced with sacred earth,

It could be ebulliently promiscuous; with its spell of inevitably everlasting sensuousness; diffusing amongst entities even before the perpetual bondage of sacred

marriage,

It could be endlessly jittery; with even the most minuscule of event unfurling; engendering a boundless flutter in its whirlpool of fathomless sensitivity,

It could be euphorically triumphant; with its unassailably fragrant spirit; blazingly emerging as the ultimate messiah of amiable togetherness; even from the coffins of treacherously thwarting death,

It could be unconquerably resplendent; with every other color in the boundless atmosphere; proving a shade too dolorously dull; in front of its ravishingly spell binding vivaciousness,

It could be uxoriously timid; succumbing in wholesome entirety to even the most poignantly intricate commands of its partner; howsoever baselessly worthless that they might have seemed,

It could be flamboyantly blistering; irrefutably dominating even the most contemporarily gracious styles; with its aura of Omniscient symbiotism and

enthrallingly enchanting beauty,

It could be indefatigably tantalizing; engulfing the gigantic planet in mists of unendingly vivid compassion; fabulously pacifying the voice of murderous monotony with the mantra of unshakable companionship,

It could be Omnipresently philanthropic; bonding every religion; caste; creed; and tribe; in the beats of perennially beautiful and melanging mankind,

It could be relentlessly dreamy; with even the most torturously devastating winds of gory bloodshed and crime; miserably failing to have the tiniest of impact on

its gregariously fantasizing demeanor,

It could be tirelessly penalizing; as one partner altruistically bore the brunt of the other's pompous idiosyncrasies; still garnering all love on this planet for his lambasting rhyme,

It could be thunderously sensuous; with its rays of eternally gratifying compassion; ubiquitously overpowering even the heart of the most exotically ecstatic night,

It could be indomitably truthful; with its reflection of undefeatably sparkling righteousness; pricelessly disseminating to even the most forlornly fretful and

malicious quarters of this gargantuan earth,

It could be unbelievably sacrificing; with both partners blissfully ready every unfurling minute to relinquish the last iota of their breath; for timelessly saving each other,

But one thing was profusely indisputable and for sure; that love new no religion; boundaries or limits; Love was an uninhibited bird soaring higher than the skies for times immemorial; Love was a thread which none could break except the Gods; Love was bold; Love was Berserk; Love was beautiful; Love was bountiful, Love was boundless, O! Yes, Love is BLIND .

18. EVEN AFTER THIS EARTH; WAS NO LONGER MINE

Some loved her for her ravishingly sensuous lips; insatiably wanting to feast on their enchantingly mesmerizing softness,

Some loved her for her tantalizingly seductive smiles; tirelessly wanting to become every tinkle of rapturous laughter; that she ebulliently diffused from her poignant throat,

Some loved her for her exotically glistening sweat; salaciously wanting to titillatingly suckle it; till the very end of their times,

Some loved her for her rhapsodically heaving bosom; treacherously wanting to incarcerate its voluptuous contours; in the delights of their cold-bloodedly

bohemian palms,

Some loved her for her ravishingly tantalizing hair; perennially wanting to feel its exhilarating cascaded; upon their brutally impoverished lap's,

Some loved her for her enticingly melodious voice; unsurpassably wanting to be the every tune that she so majestically wafted; from within the inner most realms of her soul,

Some loved her for her ingratiatingly flapping ears; satanically wanting to nibble their gloriously tingling sweetness; till times beyond infinite infinity,

Some loved her for her fascinatingly intoxicating belly; indefatigably wanting to nestle in its compassionate softness; every unfurling instant of the sweltering and well past the heart of vibrantly vivacious midnight,

Some loved her for her euphorically reverberating legs; uxoriously wanting to dance with her triumphant form; and their bodies wholesomely intermingled with her compassionate rhyme,

Some loved her for her charmingly silken palms; devilishly wanting to coalesce every element of their destiny with hers; hide their ungainly faces in her invincibly unflinching fists,

Some loved her for her immaculately scintillating teeth; tyrannically wanting to make them their nimbly listening slave; chattering in obeisant submission to even the most mercurial of their commands,

Some loved her for her spell bindingly heavenly fragrance; timelessly wanting to captivate its miraculous freshness; in their truculently manipulative repertoire,

Some loved her for her royal sensitivity; forcefully wanting to forever melange with her astoundingly celestial artistry; to fantastically alleviate their haplessly shattered lives,

Some loved her for her impeccably blessing stride; unrelentingly wanting to incarcerate every step on which she tread; to irrefutably uplift themselves in

all aspects of mystically unveiling life,

Some loved her for her aristocratically fluttering eyelashes; inexorably wanting to flirt with her playfully rollicking countenance; gloriously catapulting them back into the realms of their innocent childhood,

Some loved her for her unfathomably satiny gentleness; endlessly wanting to assimilate all the sweetness of her survival; in the horrifically spurious masks

of their satanic crime,

Some loved her for her unassailably priceless honesty; intransigently wanting to capture her indomitably humanitarian spirit; in the whites of their pathetically dwindling eyes,

Some loved her for her stupendously exultating breath; irrevocably wanting to deluge their disdainfully lugubrious and worthlessly cacophonic corpses; with the Omnipresent elixir of her magically endowing existence,

While I loved her for her divinely immortal heart; for the uninhibited reservoir of togetherness that she spread on every direction that she holistically traversed; for the Omnipotent purpose that she had so optimistically illuminated in my slithering life; for the perpetual love which she had so selflessly showered upon me; bonding her beats with me even after this earth was no longer mine .

19. IMMORTAL ELECTRICITY

When their wandering eyes met; indefatigably stared at each other even under the most flamboyantly blazing rays of the midday Sun,

The electricity generated was flirtatiously profound; enveloping the atmosphere with the astronomical magnetism of symbiotic existence .

When their blushing cheeks met; unrelentingly stroked each other even as the most thunderous of maelstroms truculently crept from all sides,

The electricity generated was astoundingly poignant; igniting an unsurpassable inferno of spell binding desire; in the heart of disastrously frozen death .

When their nubile fingers met; invincibly bonded with each other; even as the most diabolically Herculean impediment tried to pulverize them; into infinitesimal

chunks of raw mincemeat,

The electricity generated was stupendously unflinching; charismatically enlightening every agonizingly bereaved section of the society; with the light of Omniscient companionship .

When their sensuous lips met; frenziedly discovered each other; even as the whiplashes of the barbarically conventional society tried to insidiously thwart them

into the aisles of nothingness,

The electricity generated was voluptuously mesmerizing; triggering sparks of unprecedented excitement; in all witheringly ailing and the monotonously young; handsomely alike .

When their innocuous shadows met; unassailably coalescing with each other; even as unfathomable whirlwinds of abhorrent malice tried to invidiously infiltrate into their holistic stride,

The electricity generated was unbelievably harmonious; aristocratically blending all religion; caste; creed and spurious color alike; into the religion of unbreakable mankind .

When their trembling chests met; bountifully romancing in eternal glory; even as the coffins of ghoulishly crippling loneliness brutally stabbed them into relinquishing their last iota of breath,

The electricity generated was majestically ravishing; beautifully commemorating every trace of despicable disease in vicinity around; with the spirit of timelessly unending brotherhood .

When their enchanting toes met; amiably intermingling in the silken sands; even as the most abominably lecherous parasites tried to relentlessly suck their pristinely youthful blood,

The electricity generated was insurmountably tantalizing; inevitably fomenting every trace of dilapidated absolution to erupt into a thunderball of unlimited ecstasy .

When their fecund breaths met; regally blending with each other's divinely fragrance; even as the tyrannical stench of horrendously dictatorial superpowers tried to tumultuously overwhelm; every iota of their benign goodness,

The electricity generated was impregnably patriotic; insatiably urging every venomously corrupt organism; to forever kiss the gregariously redolent rudiments of

his existence .

And when their passionate hearts met; rhythmically pulsating as a united beat for centuries immemorial; even as hell rained from the fathomless carpets of sky

and the earth slapped all traces of holistic existence,

The electricity generated was immortally Omnipotent; celestially metamorphosing all gory bloodshed; pain and malevolent war; into a township of undefeated love; forever and ever and ever .

20. LOVE ME

Caress me; triggering every part of my diminutively impoverished countenance; to fulminate into a thunderstorm of sensuously exhilarating fantasy,

Kiss me; wildly igniting every dormant pore of my pathetically dwindling skin; to erupt into a paradise of everlastingly mesmerizing beauty,

Tickle me; making me mischievously reminisce all innocuously glorious moments of my philandering childhood; engulfing the mists of disparaging desperation enshrouding my forehead with the hills of rollicking playfulness,

Pat me; compassionately consoling even the most infinitesimal pore of traumatized agony in my trembling soul; profoundly reinvigorating every step that I transgressed with the light of Omnipotent togetherness,

Cuddle me; resplendently tracing the murderously exhausted outlines of my sagging ribs; with the insatiably enchanting magic in your divinely fingers,

Enlighten me; Omnisciently filtering a path of magically proliferating righteousness in the chapter of my disastrously disappearing and faltering life,

Refresh me; voluptuously painting the canvas of my baselessly treacherous existence; with the colors of your panoramically spell binding enchantment,

Bless me; inundating the insidiously shattering threads of my life; with the untamed fires of perpetual truth; majestically blazing in your unflinching eyes,

Titillate me; indefatigably melanging the tantalizing rivulets of golden sweat in your ravishing visage; with the unparalleled heat that diffused from my form; all the time,

Fascinate me; unfurling into an unsurpassable entrenchment of exotically harmonious newness; marvelously awakening me from my despairing coffin of brutally sullen remorsefulness,

Pinch me; flirtatiously carving an unfathomable tunnel of desire through my obsoletely drifting senses; metamorphosing every diffidently deteriorating pore of

my body into a fathomlessly regale valley of perennial poetry,

Inspire me; incessantly urging me to intrepidly keep marching ahead; evolve into the Sun of unconquerably humanitarian victory on every step that I nimbly tread,

Drown me; profusely encapsulating even the most inconspicuous element of my truculently extradited demeanor; with the mantra of ecstatically symbiotic sharing,

Tempt me; inevitably evoking even the most dolorously deadened arena of my lackluster body; to timelessly coalesce with the profoundly unsurpassable artistry

diffusing from your breath,

Unwind me; uninhibitedly freeing every ingredient of asphyxiating manipulation from my countenance for centuries unprecedented; endowing a wind of eternal bliss upon every droplet of my invidiously evaporating blood,

Tame me; holistically blending the merciless prejudice ruthlessly ingrained in my worthless persona; with the pricelessly aristocratic rudiments of mother nature,

Embrace me; wholesomely bonding even the most feeble part of your magnetic body forever with mine; letting your amiably Omnipresent warmth; be my most faithful

friend till the end of my time,

Tease me; being the ultimate angel of my indigently cursed life; fomenting me to ebulliently explode into an insurmountably endless gorge of endless cries,

And love me; immortally uniting the beats of your philanthropically palpitating heart forever with mine; irrefutably making sure that not even the most minuscule of ghost or spirit could ever invade; our tireless rhyme .

21. ALL THAT WAS NEEDED

To fill in the crevices of fathomlessly barren sky; all that was needed was an unfathomable conglomerate of ravishingly crimson clouds,

To fill in the crevices of the gigantically corrugated mountain; all that was needed was a fragrant concoction of freshly mesmerizing mud,

To fill in the crevices of the baselessly empty hive; all that was needed was a spell binding waterfall of poignantly harmonious honey,

To fill in the crevices of the lackadaisically sultry edifice; all that was needed was a stream of sparklingly harmonious and rich cement,

To fill in the crevices of meaninglessly insidious lies; all that was needed was the Omnipotently flaming Sun of irrefutable truth,

To fill in the crevices of horrifically debilitating weakness; all that was needed was an inferno of timelessly unassailable strength,

To fill in the crevices of the drearily hollow pen; all that was needed was a gloriously sapphire fountain of artistically aristocratic ink,

To fill in the crevices of the disastrously broken friendship; all that was needed was a perpetually unshakable bond of unflinching trust,

To fill in the crevices of traumatically bizarre agony; all that was needed was an unsurpassable river of everlastingly triumphant happiness,

To fill in the crevices of devastatingly gory bloodshed; all that was needed was a boundless sky of unbreakably scintillating unity,

To fill in the crevices of inexplicably miserable disease; all that was needed was the mantra of eternally celestial compassion,

To fill in the crevices of the truculently scorching desert; all that was needed was bountiful droplets of enchantingly sparkling rain,

To fill in the crevices of the forlornly decaying tree; all that was needed was a flirtatiously frolicking horde of innocuously bushy squirrels,

To fill in the crevices of agonizingly bereaved humanity; all that was needed was an invincible entrenchment of beautifully Omniscient togetherness,

To fill in the crevices of abominably abhorrent prejudice; all that was needed was a unendingly silken fabric of symbiotic existence,

To fill in the crevices of the disparagingly blinded eye; all that was needed was a mirror of unequivocally priceless sight,

To fill in the crevices of the haplessly shattered bone; all that was needed was an impregnable fortress of holistically resilient calcium,

To fill in the crevices of the worthlessly deadened nostril; all that was needed was a mystically enlightening forest of Omnipresent breath,

To fill in the crevices of the ominously besieged conscience; all that was needed was an Omnipotently blazing arrow of undefeatable truth,

And to fill in the crevices of the pathetically shattered and broken heart; all that was needed was a limitless reservoir of love; love and only miraculously heavenly love .

22. TRAMPLED BY HER LOVE

When I was trampled by an devilish horde of menacing crocodiles; invidiously clambering upon my nimble body from all sides,

All that was left of me after a while; was orphaned bits of gruesomely pulverized chowder and stray bone; with the contours of body now unfathomably beyond the

corridors of sane recognition .

When I was trampled by a savage pack of hideous eyed vultures; cold-bloodedly pecking at my poignantly intricate flesh,

All that was left of me after a while; was a mercilessly mangled mass of veins; and an endless river of gory blood pouring from all sides .

When I was trampled by an irascible fleet of satanic ants; salaciously crawling upon even the most infinitesimally naked arena of my sensitive skin,

All that was left of me after a while; was a grotesquely irate blanket of agonizing redness; an overpowering sensation to itch till centuries immemorial; even after I died .

When I was trampled by a traumatic battalion of gargantuan dinosaurs; gnawing at my trembling visage like a cherry on the minuscule pie,

All that was left of me after a while; was a whirlpool of inconspicuously threadbare sawdust; being whistled beyond the dungeons of absolution; at the slightest puff of somebody's breath .

When I was trampled by a limitless well of acrid scorpions; truculently jabbing their tail into my petite demeanor; left; right and complete center,

All that was left of me after a while; was a severely asphyxiated and butchered carcass; ghoulishly scaring every sagacious organism in near vicinity .

When I was trampled by an insurmountable mountain of swords; barbarically excoriating the fabric of my holistic existence; like the treacherous demon marauding in overwhelmingly gay abandon,

All that was left of me after a while; was a gory chunks of distorted flesh; the sockets of my eye ludicrously bouncing to blend with the island of derogatorily dilapidated hell .

When I was trampled by the licentiously sleazy corpse of manipulation; with the noose of disgusting lies strangulating me more vindictively as each instant unveiled into an entire minute,

All that was left of me after a while; was a remorsefully fretting ghost without even the most inconspicuous of stature; miserably slithering towards the mists of oblivious nothingness .

When I was trampled by an invidious graveyard of perniciously sinister spirits; with the ghosts of unfinished desire crippling me on every step that I intrepidly transgressed,

All that was left of me after a while; was an uncontrollably trembling shadow; that was indescribably ostracized and spat upon by macabre monsters wandering at will .

But when I was trampled by her immortally aristocratic grace; the fragrance of her spell binding righteousness infiltrating every famished pore of my devastatingly dithering body,

All that was left after a while; was an Omnipotently blazing Sun of eternal truth that not only overpowered all of the above; but instilled in me the unflinching tenacity to be reborn for a countless more lifetimes; as her celestial love had perpetually bonded with mine .

23. THAT WOMAN

Every tree flooded the atmosphere with vibrantly exhilarating breeze; blissfully impregnating a wave of enchantment in the dolorously deadened atmosphere

around,

But my eyes were intransigently searching for that tree which yielded compassionate shade; engulfing even the most infinitesimal iota of my monotonous dreariness; with astoundingly heavenly tranquility .

Every cloud in the fathomless sky looked vividly enchanting; celestially drifting into boundless bits of satiny space,

But my eyes were uncompromisingly searching for that cloud which would torrentially rain; entrench every dying pore of my countenance with ecstatic tumblers

of; divinely ravishing rain water .

Every wave in the gigantic ocean was gloriously undulating; disseminating into a festoon of enamoring froth after clashing against the chain of majestically ragged rocks,

But my eyes were unrelentingly searching for that wave which would reach the shores of my tyrannically tortured life; Omnisciently enlightening it with unconquerable optimism and tanginess .

Every flower marvelously blossomed at the crack of bountifully fascinating dawn; regally lighting the complexion of the mystically resplendent valley,

But my eyes were indefatigably searching for that flower which would deluge the withering coffin of my existence with unassailable fragrance; handsomely

perpetuate each aspect of my life with the sacred spirit of mankind .

Every shadow beautifully lengthened after the ball of flaming Sun disappeared behind the horizons; eventually blending with the fabric of the royally twinkling night,

But my eyes were irrevocably searching for that shadow which would wholesomely drape my diminutively trembling form; with an unprecedentedly enthralling

maelstrom of eternal sensuousness .

Every trail unfurled into a mystically appeasing entrenchment; an uncanniness that was a challenge for the living organism to dexterously tackle,

But my eyes were relentlessly searching for that trail which would perennially lead me into the aisles of amiable togetherness; where I could uninhibitedly bond with life; irrespective of spurious caste; creed; color of tribe .

Every ray of the Omnipresent Sun ingratiatingly sizzled the earth; blazing its way through even the most clammiest crannies of disparagingly darkened malice,

But my eyes were unfathomably searching for that ray which would trigger a sky of benign goodness in my brutally lambasted life; maneuver me towards the

meadows of irrefutably princely righteousness .

Every breath that diffused pumped quintessential life into the abysmally collapsing form; rejuvenating the undefeatedly unparalleled elixir of survival to the

most unsurpassable limits,

But my eyes were inexhaustibly searching for that breath which would be my timeless companion for infinite more births to come; never making me feel that I was treacherously solitary; orphaned and alone .

And every woman on this colossal globe was inherently beautiful; possessing the most pricelessly tender characteristics of the Lord's symbiotic creation,

But my eyes were tirelessly searching for that woman who would bond the beats of her heart forever with mine; forever love me more than I could ever love my own life .

24. THE MOST FERVENT SLAVE

Tantalizing were her beautiful eyelashes; as I danced in the aisles of insatiable ecstasy; to even the most infinitesimal of her mischievously spell binding flutter,

Tantalizing were her compassionate lips; as I catapulted to the scintillating walls of ravishingly supernatural heaven; to even the most diminutive of her magnetic pursing,

Tantalizing were her silken ears; as I poignantly reminisced all those sacrosanct moments of my philandering childhood; to even the most inconspicuous of her sensuous swishing,

Tantalizing were her iridescent cheeks; as I fructified into an unfathomable island of panoramic color and charm; to even the most fugitive of her blissful blushing,

Tantalizing were her exhilarating legs; as I exuberantly galloped forward in the wholesomely profound fervor of life; to even the most evanescent of her nimble stride,

Tantalizing were her charismatic palms; as I replenished each of my disastrously dwindling senses to the ointment of philanthropic humanity; to even the most ethereal of her magnanimous claps,

Tantalizing was her resplendent belly; as I profusely engulfed myself into an unsurpassable township of gorgeous sensuousness; to even the most fleeting of

her ecstatic thrusts,

Tantalizing were her ravenous hair; as I discovered the priceless rudiments of my impoverished existence; to even the most minuscule of her volatile vivaciousness,

Tantalizing was her everlasting righteousness; as I jubilantly escalated to the epitome of irrefutably unconquerable companionship; to even the most tiniest of her sagacious footsteps,

Tantalizing were her enchanting eyebrows; as I triumphantly transcended past the boundaries of exotic mysticism; to even the most non-existent of her innocuous twitches,

Tantalizing was her fascinating brain; as I Omnipotently lit the lanterns of seductive desire in my eyes; to even the most mercurial of her glorious fantasy,

Tantalizing were her melodious fingers; as I imbibed the vividly enamoring sweetness of this fathomless planet; to even the most parsimonious of her celestial strokes,

Tantalizing was her harmonious throat; as I ingratiatingly experienced the Omniscient charisma of existence; to even the most capricious of her gregarious sounds,

Tantalizing was her scintillating sweat; as I enthrallingly blended with the true essence of timeless perseverance; to even the most invisible diffusing of her unbelievably unending ardor,

Tantalizing were her reinvigorating smiles; as I boundlessly assimilated all poignant jubilation on this tireless planet; to even the most intricate unfurling of her heavenly lips,

Tantalizing was her unassailable conscience; as I learnt to unflinchingly confront every acrimonious element of survival; to even the most intangible aura of her celestial existence,

Tantalizing was her unshakable breath; as I fulminated into a fireball of resilience to lead a countless more lifetimes; to even the most ephemeral of her victorious exhalations,

Tantalizing was her undefeatable humanity; as I relinquished all spurious caste; creed and tribe to perennially coalesce with the religion of mankind; to even the most transient of her Godly impressions,

But Immortal was her ubiquitous heart; as I unabashedly fell in eternally limitless love; became the mostfervent slave of her Omniscient aura; to even the most

momentary of her passionately proliferating beats .

25. PLEASE NEVER FREE ME

You could free me this very instant from my eyes; but please never free me of that everlastingly bountiful entrenchment of beauty; that they had so marvelously

witnessed; during the tenure of my impoverished life,

You could free me this very instant from my shoulders; but please never free me of the unflinching in which they had so handsomely blazed; during the tenure of my

truncated life,

You could free me this very instant from my lips; but please never free me of the philanthropic festoon of smiles that they had so gregariously executed; during

the tenure of my traumatically shortened life,

You could free me this very instant from my feet; but please never free me of the exhilarating adventure that they had so gorgeously experienced; during the tenure of my disastrously dithering life,

You could free me this very instant from my eyelashes; but please never free me of the unfathomable seduction that they had so tantalizingly blended with; during

the tenure of my indigently curtailed life,

You could free me this very instant from my ears; but please never free me of the magnanimously enthralling sounds that they had so ravishingly heard; during the

tenure of my preposterously ungainly life,

You could free me this very instant from my fingers; but please never free me of the spell binding artistry that they had so majestically diffused; during the tenure of

my pathetically slithering life,

You could free me this very instant from my blood; but please never free me of the religion of humanity that it had so royally coalesced with; during the tenure of

my timidly disappearing life,

You could free me this very instant from my voice; but please never free me of the unparalleled righteousness that it had so regally exhibited; during the tenure of

my sordidly despicable life,

You could free me this very instant from my skin; but please never free me of the unconquerable titillation that it had so wonderfully felt; during the tenure of

my dolorously bereaved life,

You could free me this very instant from my brain; but please never free me of the unfathomably enchanting fantasy that it had so seductively perceived; during the tenure of my fugitively destitute life,

You could free me this very instant from my hair; but please never free me of the unassailable ecstasy that they had so ebulliently been a part of; during the tenure of my ethereally nonchalant life,

You could free me this very instant from my teeth; but please never free me of the intrepid resilience that they had so magnificently oozed; during the tenure of

my insipidly dwindling life,

You could free me this very instant from my perspiration; but please never free me of the persevering essence that it had so resplendently disseminated; during the tenure of my ghoulishly asphyxiating life,

You could free me this very instant from my bones; but please never free me of the astronomical resilience that they had so flamboyantly displayed; during the

tenure of my profoundly lambasted life,

You could free me this very instant from my shadow; but please never free me of the voluptuous softness that it had so fantastically diffused; during the tenure of my agonizingly fluttering life,

You could free me this very instant from my conscience; but please never free me of the irrefutably sparkling righteousness that it had so tirelessly wafted; during the tenure of my manipulatively besieged life,

You could free me this very instant from my soul; but please never free me of the humanitarian goodness that it had so bountifully liberated; during the tenure of

my monotonously obsolete life,

You could free me this very instant from my breath; but please never free me of the timeless sensuousness that it had so Omnisciently perpetuated; during the tenure of my lugubriously faltering life,

And you could free me this very instant from my heart O! Almighty Creator; but please never free me of the immortal love that it had so blissfully bonded with;

during the tenure of my diminutively relinquishing life .

26. DON'T BREAK MY HEART

Play insidiously with my eyes; eventually smashing them into a boundless halves; and then feeding them to the pack of savagely diabolical wolves,

Play uncouthly with my fantasies; eventually metamorphosing them into a web of cold-blooded drudgery and sinfully disparaging monotony,

Play ruthlessly with my palms; eventually pulverizing them to disdainfully squashed curry; and then stashing them into the indescribably gory coffins,

Play invidiously with my lips; eventually snatching away even the most infinitesimal iota of their smiles; stoning them with whiplashes of utter abhorrence for centuries immemorial,

Play heinously with my voice; eventually transforming it into a graveyard of ominously crippling silence; evicting it in gruesomely wholesome entirety from the

innermost realms of my throat,

Play grotesquely with my neck; eventually reducing it to a pile of inconspicuously mangled shit; and then feeding it to the rambunctiously unruly pigs,

Play raunchily with my ears; eventually bombarding them like miserably orphaned stones; making them incessantly bleed till times beyond infinite infinity,

Play disastrously with my memory; eventually rendering me the most penuriously kicked entity on this gigantic Universe; making me obnoxiously oblivious to even the

reflection of my very own countenance,

Play barbarically with my intestines; eventually adulterating them profoundly with threadbare gasoline; and then inviting the unfathomable horde of vultures to have their ultimate feast,

Play indiscriminately with my cheeks; eventually excoriating their exhilarating blush into the graveyards of penalizing nothingness; and then mercilessly disintegrating them bit by bit; like an edifice of soggy cards,

Play ghoulishly with my conscience; eventually poisoning every bit of its irrefutably sparkling righteousness; into a lackadaisically decaying dungeon of manipulatively bizarre lies,

Play devilishly with my flamboyance; eventually converting it into an entrenchment of remorsefully trembling timidness; making me lick fetid dirt even before I could

alight a single foot,

Play fiendishly with my patriotism; eventually rendering me as the most lecherously disgusting traitor on this unsurpassable globe; with every corner of the society brutally whipping me for my plethora of horrific misdeeds,

Play bewitchingly with my innocence; eventually dragging me into the salaciously sleazily markets; where infinite parasites traded me for my innocuously

resplendent flesh,

Play unsparingly with my hair; eventually converting my enchanting scalp into a cacophonically bald egg; with pedestrians spitting on it in livid nonchalance;

as they merrily trespassed by,

Play demonically with my feet; eventually chopping them with sordid strokes of the treacherous cleaver; and then witnessing the entire world wholeheartedly guffaw; as I staggered like a mercurial ant on every step,

Play abominably with my soul; eventually converting its path of unassailable philanthropism; into a despicably wandering ghost without the slightest of

purpose or mission in vibrantly vivacious life,

Play lethally with my breath; eventually asphyxiating the fangs of my priceless existence with the blood stained hands of hell; removing even the most evanescent trace of my survival from the trajectory of this fathomless planet,

And you could play and eventually smash any part of my body; my mind; my soul; as I still had the insurmountable tenacity to lead mesmerizing life; but please don't break my heart; please don't lackadaisically play with the immortal paradise of my true love for you O! Beloved; as then I wouldn't even be accepted by the chapter of death .

27. EXCEPT THE DIVINE

It was perhaps my despairing misfortune; that I couldn't embellish even the most infinitesimal iota of your body with a fountain of unfathomably extravagant silk,

It was perhaps my criminal misfortune; that I couldn't assimilate all titillating delicacies of this fathomless planet; into your outstretched palette,

It was perhaps my penalizing misfortune; that I couldn't tirelessly inundate even the most diminutive space round your majestic countenance; with the unsurpassable treasury of wealth on this gigantic planet,

It was perhaps my debilitating misfortune; that I couldn't deluge every step that you royally transgressed; with an insurmountable festoon of gloriously scintillating cars,

It was perhaps my lambasting misfortune; that I couldn't fly you on my shoulders to kiss the profound Moon; snatch every star from the sky to perpetually become the grace of your sacred lap,

It was perhaps my treacherous misfortune; that I couldn't adorn your fantastically nubile skin; with all incomprehensible glitter and diamonds; bountifully studded on the periphery of this mesmerizing Universe,

It was perhaps my salacious misfortune; that I couldn't gift you the most opulently golden mirror every morning; for you to sensuously appreciate every iota of your ravishing countenance; till times beyond infinite infinity,

It was perhaps my ominous misfortune; that I couldn't embed each step that you aristocratically transgressed; with a boundless entrenchment of spell binding gold,

It was perhaps my invidious misfortune; that I couldn't engulf your heavenly sleeping body; with unending blankets of ingratiatingly resplendent pearls,

It was perhaps my slithering misfortune; that I couldn't caress even the most fleeting speck of your visage; with feathers of everlasting paradise; every unfurling minute of the sweltering day and even after the heart of enchantingly fabulous midnight,

It was perhaps my preposterous misfortune; that I couldn't incarcerate every bit of melody on this limitless earth; to unrelentingly shower upon your vivacious grace; for times immemorial,

It was perhaps my pugnacious misfortune; that I couldn't buy you the most extraordinarily expensive nailpolish on this unprecedented globe; paint the

immaculate budding crusts of your toes with regally beautiful color,

It was perhaps my prejudiced misfortune; that I couldn't irrevocably light the lanterns of your celestial eyes; with flames of unassailable and never-ending prosperity,

It was perhaps my tyrannical misfortune; that I couldn't mold the most Orientally exquisite figurines for you on this indefatigable planet; at the tiniest flutter of your marvelously rubicund lips,

It was perhaps my ruthless misfortune; that I couldn't erect a palace of fascinatingly charismatic silver on every path that you philandered; on even the most obsolete chunk of land that you cast your poignant sight,

It was perhaps my indiscriminate misfortune; that I couldn't metamorphose every inadvertently malevolent element of your innocent conscience; into the sky

of unconquerably truthful righteousness,

It was perhaps my indescribable misfortune; that I couldn't commemorate every breath that you exhaled; as the ultimate throne on this eclectically vibrant Universe,

But believe me even if there was somebody who could grant you all of the above at the most mercurial wink of your eye; he still couldn't infiltrate a fraction into your Omnipotent life; or posses you as much as I,

For although I might be disastrously penurious; the immortal beats of my heart loved you more than any organism on this earth could ever conceive; my love

for you was that undefeated spirit that none could conquer; except the divine .

28. ONLY IN YOUR PRICELESS HEART

It was only in your heavenly eyes; that I could see tales of my unprecedented mischief; the mists of untamed desired through which I tirelessly philandered

till I relinquished the very last iota of my breath,

It was only in your voluptuous lips; that I could see the insatiable inferno of my poignant desire; sensuously blooming every time that you eternally smiled,

It was only in your bountiful blood; that I could see my irrefutably inseparable rudiments; the most impregnable elixir of my existence; which perennially

kept me coalesced with the trajectory of mother earth,

It was only in your titillating stride; that I could see my spirit of exhilaratingly ebullient adventure; unfurling into a cloud of everlasting newness; everytime you gyrated your ravishing body under the milky moon,

It was only in your divinely palms; that I could see even the most infinitesimal ingredient of my mystically vacillating destiny; Omnisciently maneuvering every path that I dared to tread in the chapter of life,

It was only in your majestic brain; that I could see the unrelenting cloudburst of my fervent fantasies; celestially culminating into a paradise of unbelievably fecund enthrallment,

It was only in your Omnipotent voice; that I could see my indefatigably unflinching tenacity; which grew more stronger and stronger; as you sacredly chanted the

mantra of righteousness; forever and ever and ever,

It was only in your silken shadow; that I could see my unsurpassable entrenchment of spell binding dreams; which unfurled into an unassailable reality as you compassionately embraced the romantically swirling winds,

It was only in your ravishing eyelashes; that I could see my fountains of boundless empathy; my integral desire to perpetually bond with all mankind; irrespective of caste; creed or spurious color; philanthropically and alike,

It was only in your articulate fingers; that I could see my unfathomable reservoir of triumphant artistry; the infinite vivaciously panoramic shades of this Universe; lurking royally in my soul,

It was only in your seductive cheeks; that I could see my lanterns of unparalleled excitement; ecstatically enlightening into a sky of fathomlessly ingratiating

togetherness,

It was only in your tantalizing toes; that I could see my final odyssey in vibrant life; feel the overpowering reverberations of time that relentlessly surged me forward to blend with the oneness of all living kind,

It was only in your nubile skin; that I could see my flirtatiously prowling childhood; the countless droplets of freshness that I exuded into; at the crack of every melodiously replenishing dawn,

It was only in your dimpled chin; that I could see my profoundly effeminate impressions; the insurmountably unbelievable sensitivity in each of my senses; that

magically bonded with every iota of benevolence in the atmosphere,

It was only in your magnanimous shoulders; that I could see my benign virtues to serve all despicably beleaguered humanity; miraculously mitigate all those tyrannically deprived to the corridors of perennial prosperity,

It was only in your sparkling conscience; that I could see my mirrors of unequivocally marvelous truth; the pages of unconquerable innocence that kept turning one

after another; in the journey of my penurious life,

It was only in your mesmerizing belly; that I could see my uninhibitedly endless horizons of gyrating freedom; the forests of aristocratic enthrallment which encapsulated me from all sides,

It was only in your Omnipresent breath; that I could see every aspect of my impoverished life beautifully evolving; blooming into a valley of endless euphoria

even after my veritable death,

And it was only in your priceless heartbeats; that I could see my immortal love; the true and most blessed gift of the Creator; compassionately throb for infinite more births of yours and mine .

29. YOUR KISS

Your Kiss; was like sensuous droplets of fresh rain water; magnificently caressing the petals of the majestically blossoming rose,

Your Kiss; was like the marvelously young fledglings pecking on their mothers compassionately silken breast; enveloping my frigidly trembling countenance

with the warmth of miraculously Omniscient togetherness,

Your Kiss; was like untamed streaks of flamboyant thunder in fathomless sky; igniting sparks of unparalleled enchantment on every step that I nimbly

transgressed,

Your Kiss; was like a splendidly burgeoning inferno of everlasting happiness; engulfing even the most traumatically anguished cranny of my life with

unfathomably unending triumph,

Your Kiss; was like an avalanche of unsurpassably augmenting yearning; triggering me to take a countless more births to relish its wonderful softness again and

again,

Your Kiss; was like a mirror which solely reflected the mesmerizing entrenchment of resplendent paradise; blissfully inundating even the most famished pore of my existence with unbelievably gorgeous exultation,

Your Kiss; was like a fairy dancing tirelessly in the aisles of tantalizing graciousness; painting the lugubriously remorseful canvas of my life with; vivaciously magical colors of symbiotic existence,

Your Kiss; was like the Omnipresently eternal blessings of Almighty Lord; holistically replenishing each aspect of my life with the aristocratically supreme embellishment of; unconquerable mankind,

Your Kiss; was like a romantically poignant expedition that never ended; uncontrollably metamorphosing me more and more into a cloud of insatiable fantasy; as the Sun rolled down the hills,

Your Kiss; was like a relentlessly marching unflinching soldier who never knew what it was to look back; perpetuating each element of my bedraggled visage with the vibrantly charismatic melody of enchanting life,

Your Kiss; was like an uninhibited bird soaring through the endless cosmos; celestially liberating even the most insidiously lambasted vein of body; into

a cloudburst of limitless ecstasy,

Your Kiss; was like gregariously unfurling dewdrop of beauty; handsomely transpiring me to blend with even the most mercurial rudiments of my past time,

Your Kiss; was like the royally galloping panther with a mischievous smile; making me gorgeously reminisce all my moments of exuberant childhood; flirtatiously

rollicking in the caverns of timelessness,

Your Kiss; was like unassailable flames of blazingly crimson fire in the heart of the deadened lake; irrefutably making me realize that life was to be led each moment like a prince; no matter what adversities did acrimoniously stab me in my way,

Your Kiss; was like the vividly eclectic feathers of the ravishingly titillating peacock; superbly deluging the fabric of my morbidly vengeful life with inimitable dexterity and astoundingly undefeated charm,

Your Kiss; was like the most unshakably heavenly walls of sparkling truth that spawned on this gigantic Universe; Omnipotently substituting even the most

parsimonious fraction of lechery in my demeanor with the mantra of humanitarian righteousness,

Your Kiss; was like an ebulliently tangy wave which never crashed; transporting every pore of my flesh higher and higher into the clouds of exotic ecstasy as each instant rapidly unleashed into a wholesome minute,

Your Kiss; was like a priceless forest of aristocratically panoramic breath; perpetually

ensuring that the beats of my existence forever blended with the chapters of proliferation; even as hell blended with earth at every step,

And Your Kiss; was like the ingratiating cry of immortal love; unbelievably emancipating me of all my loneliness in mystical life; making me experience the

everlasting shine of the divine; on even the most disparagingly obfuscated path of mine .

30. BUT ALL THAT HARDLY MATTERED

Disillusioned were my distraught eyes; traumatically agonized by all bizarrely inflicted misery that they witnessed umpteenth number of times in a single day,

Disillusioned were my parched lips; insidiously appalled by the gory scent of grotesque manipulation; in every morsel of food that they tasted,

Disillusioned was my beleaguered brain; truculently lambasted by the indefatigable whirlpools of insane corruption and treacherously abhorrent prejudice,

Disillusioned were my dwindling fingers; solely feeling only morbidly robotic space on every speck of atmosphere that they ardently caressed,

But all that hardly mattered to me; as by the Grace of Omnipotent Lord; every beat of my heart bonded more immortally with my beloved with the unfurling of time;

and I found myself wholesomely blended with her shadow of eternally resplendent truth; forever and ever and ever .

1 .

Disillusioned were my trembling bones; ghastily collapsing as the winds of parasitically unsparing savagery; struck them from every quarter of this Universe,

Disillusioned were my beleaguered ears; intransigently shutting themselves for centuries immemorial; as all they heard were boundless screams of the innocently

deprived; the only beats that reached them were the sound of the mercilessly marauding devil,

Disillusioned were my flailing arms; as all that they ever got a chance to hoist were corpses grotesquely disproportioned; by frenziedly indiscriminate bloodshed on this satanically uncouth globe today,

Disillusioned were my withering hair; as cold-blooded demons ruthlessly tore on them from everywhere; with the breeze whipping them eventually metamorphosing

into cloudbursts of remorseful blood,

But all that hardly mattered to me; as by the Grace of Omnipresent Lord; every beat of my heart bonded more immortally with my beloved with the unfurling of time;

and I found myself in due obeisance on her divinely feet; as she perpetually drifted my soul towards the path of priceless righteousness .

2 .

Disillusioned was my asphyxiating neck; as the swords of disdainfully fretful lechery tried their venomous best; to annihilate it into an infinite pieces of undecipherable shit,

Disillusioned were my crumbling palms; as even the most pristine droplets of sacrosanct inspiration that they touched; had been invidiously adulterated by the

acrimoniously power hungry society outside,

Disillusioned were my bleeding feet; as every path that they holistically transgressed; had the thorns of malicious hatred ardently awaiting to maim them for a countless more lifetimes,

Disillusioned was my terrified reflection; as the entity I sighted in my mirror of my own conscience; had now been transformed into a murderous ghost; by inevitable circumstances and the emotionless world outside,

But all that hardly mattered to me; as by the Grace of Omniscient Lord; every beat of my heart bonded more immortally with my beloved with the unfurling of time;

and I found myself blissfully assimilating every iota of her heavenly sensuousness; perennially suckling the majestic artistry that bountifully showered from her

vivacious bosom .

3 .

Disillusioned were my tortured intestines; as even the most infinitesimal granule of fodder that I consumed; was greedily evicted by the spuriously pompous society

that vengefully followed my stride,

Disillusioned was my shivering spine; as every draught of air that hit my countenance; had in it the cries of my despairingly penalized siblings; the barbarically orphaned children of my kind,

Disillusioned were my frigid eyelashes; as the unrelentingly pugnacious war on this colossal planet; had horrifically crippled them of even the slightest of their mischievously flirtatious fluttering,

Disillusioned was my dreary breath; as every ingredient of air that entered my diminutive nostrils; brutally strangulated me towards the last visible nail of my veritably preposterous coffin,

But all that hardly mattered to me; as by the Grace of unconquerable Lord; every beat of my heart bonded more immortally with my beloved with the unfurling of time;

and I found myself tirelessly dancing as her only slave; to the tunes of her everlastingly humanitarian existence .

31. CHASE

The sweltering sands of blistering desert; unrelentingly chased tantalizing globules of golden rain; pelting ferociously from the crimson sky,

The ominously slithering scorpion; insatiably chased innocuous flesh; dying to infiltrate its nefarious hood deep within; robustly glistening skin,

The merrily gallivanting crab; intransigently chased the slimy shores of the sea; so that it invidiously cropped up every now and again; playing hide and seek with

the marvelously fading light,

The gruesomely dilapidated gutter; fervently chased ravishing scent; to transform its stinkingly impoverished caricature into one replete with heavenly goodness,

The miserably shivering night; ardently chased flamboyant streaks of brilliant sunshine; passionately wanting to bask in the magnificently untamed glory of the mesmerizing day,

The disdainfully stammering parrot; intractably chased the melodiously chirping nightingale; relentlessly envying its stupendous articulation and inherent charm,

The obnoxiously rusty nail; tirelessly chased the boisterously sweet beehive; wanting to deluge each iota of its abominable periphery with unprecedented streams of harmonious honey,

The ludicrously fat pig; irrevocably chased the sagaciously bountiful saint; wanting to inundate its preposterously ridiculed persona with charismatic knowledge; gait and grace,

The uncouthly barking dog; incessantly chased the alluringly meaty slab of gigantic bone; to celestially pacify the overwhelmingly fanatic pangs of hunger in its savage stomach,

The enigmatically crawling spider; indefatigably chased the outlines of its silvery web; endeavoring to make its grip more invincible than ever; upon its sole dwelling throughout existence,

The piquantly pepped up racer car; euphorically chased the astronomical summit of the towering mountain; wanting to ecstatically triumph amongst the gorgeously

mystical clouds,

The obsessively augmenting ambition; uncontrollably chased its royal festoon of sparkling dreams; wanting to metamorphose as soon as possible; into the

pinnacle of veritable reality,

The tawny eyed clever cat; astutely chased the bowl of immaculately scintillating milk; stealthily creeping upon the kitchen sink; after its mistress had retired for the marathon night,

The infinitesimally diminutive ant; belligerently chased the might elephant; profoundly enjoying him collapse like a hill of cards; at just a single swish of its tiny mouth,

The cold-blooded icebergs; insidiously chased innocently lurking ships; insurmountably wanting to pulverize them to threadbare chowder; before

eventually discarding beneath deep sea,

The horrendously starved fisherman; incessantly chased even the smallest of fish; desperately wading his net for countless hours; in the turbulently cataclysmic

waters,

The manipulatively white collared executive; inexorably chased his boss all night and day; applying mountains of spurious butter upon his face and feet; surrendering all his benevolence for sleazily paltry notes of corrupt currency,

The fantastically fabulous artist; incomprehensibly chased beauty to the most supremest of its form; trying to assimilate all passionate goodness wandering

amicably on this vast planet; in the vivaciously poignant strokes of his paint brush,

The newly born infant; inevitably chased its mother till the last bit of enthusiasm left in its bones; frantically searching for that divinely comfort; the ultimate messiah which had bestowed it with vibrant life,

And each beat of my thunderously throbbing heart; immortally chased your magnanimously philanthropic love; not resting a single breath until it impregnably

bonded with your love; to propagate the essence of humanity for a fathomless more lifetimes .

32. TOMORROW'S OF LOVE

Before we even knew the color of our eyes; the insatiable flurry of dreams vivaciously circulating through their handsome whites,

Our vision had immortally interlocked with each other; as we blossomed into a magnificently ravishing dream which transcended beyond the realms of unsurpassable

eternity .

Before we even knew the cadence in our voice; the unfathomable myriad of likes and dislikes that encompassed our visage,

Our sound had immortally interlocked with each other; as we bloomed into an insurmountable fleet of melody; absconding euphorically to the farthest corner of this

incredulously gigantic Universe .

Before we even knew the destinies that lay sandwiched beneath our closed fists; the inexplicable anecdotes about to confront us head-on in near future,

Our palms had immortally interlocked with each other; as we unrelentingly escalated as a united wave of triumph and compassion; caressing each other perennially amidst the tantalizing conglomerate of clouds .

Before we even knew the religion we belonged too; wholesomely oblivious to our fathomless repertoire of ancestral heritage,

Our names had immortally interlocked with each other; as we danced under the enchanting moonlight for times immemorial; while the uncouthly conventional society manipulatively sucked each other's blood outside .

Before we even knew the ideas that rhapsodically conquered our brains; the incomprehensible tunnel of directions our minds tirelessly ventured,

Our mission had immortally interlocked with each other; as we unflinchingly surged forward to accomplish each of our philanthropic dreams; metamorphose this planet once again into a blissful paradise .

Before we even knew the contours of our faces; the gargantuan armory of reasons for which they uninhibitedly smiled and smirked,

Our lips had immortally interlocked with each other; tumultuously swirling into the most passionate kiss ever on this planet; triggering thunderbolts of desire

in miserably dead roots of soil .

Before we even knew the directions in which we were progressing; the unsurpassable network of paths on which we liked to explore and tread,

Our footsteps had immortally interlocked with each other; as we gallivanted exuberantly in an entrenchment of mesmerizing joy; uplifting our orphaned mates; to help them reach their ultimate smile .

Before we even knew the compassion in the breaths that descended relentlessly from our nostrils; the seductively enigmatic story hidden in their boundlessly augmenting aura,

Our lives had immortally interlocked with each other; as we irrefutably pledged not only to celestially lead this lifetime; but stay forever coalesced like an organism and its shadow; for countless more births to come .

And before we even knew the beats entrapped and throbbing till eternity in our chests; the unending ocean of aspirations fulminating more vivaciously than the Sun outside,

Our romance had immortally interlocked with each other; as our spirits rose as one well above the monotonous discrepancies of this barbarically estranged world; to procreate an infinite more tomorrow's of LOVE, LOVE AND ONLY LOVE .

33. GIVE ALL MY LIFE TO HER

Give all my blood to her; imparting each vital constituent entrapped within its profusely crimson persona,

So that her disastrously severed nerves got splendidly revived; the instants she felt that she was about to coalesce with winds of obsolete extinction .

Give all my sound to her; donating each iota of the captivating melody in its passionate cadence,

So that her pathetically dwindling voice; harmoniously united with tantalizing paradise above the clouds; for enchantingly everlasting times .

Give all my embellishment to her; chivalrously bequeathing each ornamental characteristic of my rubicund countenance,

So that her gruesomely shivering body; got enveloped with the winds of indispensable compassion; as she sought her sole solace amidst the uncouthly

treacherous world .

Give all my strength to her; extricating each trace of power entrenched beneath my conglomerate of flesh and bones,

So that she handsomely alighted every time she fell; marched towards her philanthropic festoon of dreams; with a perpetual smile spreading on her boisterous

lips .

Give all my fragrance to her; evacuating each element of benevolent goodness incarcerated in my persona,

So that she bountifully blossomed in her times of murderous distress; reached the absolute zenith of her life; magnanimously helping and embracing all humankind .

Give all my nostalgia to her; draining me wholesomely of each poignant imagery that floated compassionately in my mind,

So that she completely shrug all the insane lunatism that had imprisoned her treacherously from all sides; frolicked in realms of her impeccable childhood; till

times beyond immaculate eternity .

Give all my enthusiasm to her; sapping each virtue of ebullience from my relentlessly racing pulse,

So that she triumphantly emerged from her cocoon of ghastly sadness; euphorically gallivanting towards the impregnable corridors of sweet paradise .

Give all my soul to her; wholesomely extracting each thread of irrefutable righteousness from deep within my conscience,

So that she gathered herself from the devastating ashes strewn all around; bloomed into an unsurpassableflurry of dreams; in a single lifetime .

Give all my heart to her; benevolently taking away each of its passionately throbbing beats,

So that she never felt that she was that despicable orphan deprived of immortal love; dissipating the magical spirit of sharing; in every neglected corner of this fathomless Universe .

And give all my life to her; emptying it to the most unprecedented degree of its color and ingratiating charm,

So that she existed as the most blissful entity alive till the time she wanted; metamorphosing each of her fantasies into a veritable reality; wholesomely

forgetting the chapter of death and abominable malice .

34. SUCH WAS THE POWER OF IMMORTAL LOVE

It made you uninhibitedly laugh; triggering you to escalate perennially above a land of unparalleled happiness,

It made you turbulently cry; candidly divulging the inner most voices of your soul; in each iota of ebullient atmosphere around,

It made you melodiously sing; emanate the most harmonious tunes from your despairing throat; although you miserably stuttered to spell your very own name,

It made you bounce rhapsodically on mists of enchanting paradise; till the last droplet of blood in your veins compassionately flowed,

O! yes such was the power of immortal love; that it made you feel the richest entity alive; perpetually bonding your immaculate spirit with angels above the divine .

It made you wholeheartedly embrace; shrugging all your abominable apprehensions; despicably discriminating united humanity,

It made you bask in the glory of unrelentingly untamed fantasy; surreally floating in a magical entrenchment of everlasting excitement,

It made you stand like an impregnable fortress; weather the most acrimonious of storm with astronomical fire blazing in your eyes,

It made you philander like an innocent child; exploring and blossoming into exhilarating newness; as each instant unveiled philosophically outside,

O! yes such was the power of immortal love; that it made you feel like an embellished prince; perpetually bathing in the scent of voluptuous lotus; on cloud nine .

It made you believe in yourself; reaffirming your faith in every sect of wonderful human kind,

It made you break the estranged monotony of your bedraggled life; reminisce in the enthrallment of all those beautiful moments that you had encountered in

adventurous life,

It made you soar like a majestic eagle through the fathomless expanse of exuberant sky; even as you made the most nimblest of effort to walk,

It made you successful in whatever philanthropic you undertook; enveloping your drearily diminishing persona; with tornado's of unsurpassable delight,

O! yes such was the power of immortal love; that not only did it make each moment of your present life a veritable paradise; but granted you the unconquerable tenacity to exist for an infinite more lifetimes .

It made you attempt the unbelievably alluring; yet emerge out triumphant without a scar to your robust smiles,

It made you tirelessly dream; perceiving and evolving the most wonderfully mesmerizing feelings; lingering bountifully on the trajectory of this colossal planet,

It made you benevolently empathize for your fellow comrades in inexplicable agony; treat every element of their pain as your very own,

It made you desire beyond the realms of pragmatically conventional imagination; incinerating whirlpools of passionate electricity in each of your indolently dormant veins,

O! yes such was the power of immortal love; that it blessed you with the most blissful characteristics to be alive; took you the closet to your ultimate mission in life

and Almighty Lord; alike .

35. THE WAVES OF IMMORTAL LOVE

The waves of profuse tanginess; culminated into a spray of unprecedented mischief; after clashing against the chain of rhapsodically black rocks,

The waves of insatiable nostalgia; culminated into a spray of vivaciously boisterous childhood; after clashing against the voluptuously alluring rocks,

The waves of overwhelming congeniality; culminated into a spray of blissful relationship; after clashing against the impregnable fortress of seductively

scintillating rocks,

The waves of bizarre sadness; culminated into a spray of inexplicable depression; after clashing against the marvelous festoon of dynamically flamboyant rocks,

The waves of unsurpassable enigma; culminated into a spray of incredulous mysticism shimmering resplendently like the stars; after clashing against the piquantly ingratiating conglomerate of rocks,

The waves of unprecedented happiness; culminated into a spray of tantalizing joy and desire; after clashing against the summit of the handsomely majestic rocks,

The waves of horrendous bloodshed; culminated into a spray of deplorably extinguishing oblivion; after clashing against the insurmountable façade of royally

sparkling rocks,

The waves of irrefutable honesty; culminated into a spray of sacrosanct righteousness; after clashing against the titillating mirror of unfathomably magnetic rocks,

The waves of unrelentingly augmenting desire; culminated into a spray of incredulously untamed passion; after clashing against the gigantic fountainhead

of unequivocally ecstatic rocks,

The waves of satanic violence; culminated into a spray of pathetically maimed lechery; after clashing against the garland of astoundingly poignant rocks,

The waves of philanthropically alluring charisma; culminated into a spray of splendidly blossoming freshness; after clashing against the mesmerizing silhouette of the unsurpassably everlasting rocks,

The waves of benevolent goodwill; culminated into a spray of magnanimous mankind; after clashing against the heart of the diamond crested rocks,

The waves of spell binding melody; culminated into a spray of stupendously augmenting harmony; after clashing against the periphery of the brilliantly

scarlet rocks,

The waves of maniacal frustration; culminated into a spray of treacherously menacing suicide; after clashing against the persona of the flamboyantly glistening and crystalline rocks,

The waves of perpetual solitude; culminated into a spray of bizarre devastation; trickling disastrously down the ocean bed; after clashing against the amazing

complexion of the magically vibrant rocks,

The waves of uncouth lies; culminated into a spray of dastardly remorse; after clashing against the countenance of the ravishingly glittering rocks,

The waves of uninhibitedly free beauty; culminated into a spray of enchanting enthrallment; after clashing against the silken bed of the celestially pacifying rocks,

The waves of ghastly death; culminated into a spray of horrifically parasitic hell; after clashing against the surreally dancing visage of the fragrantly exotic rocks,

And the waves of immortal love; culminated into a spray of inevitably precious life for centuries immemorial; after clashing against the oligarchic entrenchment of the magnificently Omnipotent rocks .

36. ONLY FOR YOUR IMMORTAL BEATS

My hands lived only for your philanthropic destiny lines; the magnanimous essence of humanity which they encapsulated in their enigmatic myriad of terminations,

My eyes lived only for your astoundingly charismatic form; the Omnipotent aura it marvelously radiated; even in the most gloomiest of dwindling light,

My skin lived only for your majestically royal caress; the unprecedented tremors of unbelievable excitement it ignited; the instant it sensuously stroked my impoverished flesh,

My lips lived only for your stupendously rhapsodic melody; the torrential globules of voluptuous passion; which cascaded down like an angel from your nape,

My blood lived only for your grandiloquently everlasting smiles; the insatiable compassion that enveloped your silhouette; as you alighted your each benign step,

My cheeks lived only for your mystically ravishing shyness; the astoundingly bountiful empathy; which profusely disseminated from your impeccable soul,

My tongue lived only for your incredulously benevolent disposition; the uninhibited fountain of freedom which gushed from your supreme visage; rendering it

obediently wagging for more,

My brain lived only for your fabulously unfathomable reams; the land of stupendous titillation on which you tread every instant; the perpetual fantasies that you harbored to alleviate all suffering from dithering mankind,

My conscience lived only for your irrefutably divine righteousness; the immaculate ideals entrenching each iota of your persona; annihilating every bit of heinously lecherous dirt; from the complexion of this gigantic planet,

My voice lived only for your unprecedentedly tantalizing shadow; bewildering me like a new born infant; everytime it appeared and then vanished into realms of never ending enchantment,

My bones lived only for your supremely heavenly gait; the impregnable conviction with which; you maneuvered tottering mankind towards thunderbolts of unitedly

bright light,

My ears lived only for your celestially exuberant sound; putting an end to the most inconspicuous of misery with its everlasting cadence; the untamed ardor in

its romantically enthralling swirl,

My nerves lived only for your ecstatically twinkling feet; the unflinching fervor with which they marched forward; making countless a slave of their unending mission to transpire the religion of humanity,

My fingers lived only for your magnificently fulminating art; exploring every inch of its incomprehensible richness; getting perennially entangled in the ocean of

its inimitably Oriental charm,

My neck lived only for your fantastically alluring belly; dexterously manipulating boundless turns a minute; in order to trace its most diminutively seductive movement,

My eyebrows lived only for your unbelievable festoon of countless forms; at times a baby clinging to the lap of your mother; while at times towering above all the diabolical; to metamorphose uncouth bloodshed into a blissful paradise,

My soul lived only for your unconquerable spirit; instilling the most astronomically emphatic elements of vivacious life; in organisms even infinite kilometers beneath their graves,

My nostrils lived only for your passionately turbulent breath; the resplendence of Omnipresent humanity that it wholeheartedly diffused; to the most farthest corner

of this shivering Universe,

And my heart lived only for your immortal beats; the mesmerizing rhythm with which they flowed while existing higher than the clouds; and affording the same to their fellow compatriots aimlessly wandering around .

37. WHY DID YOU COME INTO MY LIFE ?

Why did you come into my life in the first place; igniting the most uncurbed passions of my soul ?

Only to eventually discard me like a piece of baseless shit; not even feeling the need to shower a single petal upon my veritable grave .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; drifting me into a spell of unbreakable fantasy; evoking me to dance tirelessly when I felt like miserably stumbling at each step ?

Only to eventually romance with another man of your dreams in front of my eyes; betraying me worse than the scorpion could betray its innocent prey .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; gliding me like a majestic prince to the ultimate summit of my dreams; inundating each of my senses with profusely ingratiating charm ?

Only to eventually blow me away like nonchalant wisps of your pompous cigarette smoke; murderously extinguishing each bit of smoke that emanated with the skin

of your uncouth feet .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; uniting your palms in mine; standing unflinchingly by my side even as diabolical hell descended in each ingredient of my scarlet blood ?

Only to eventually close the doors of your dwelling coldbloodedly on my face; cuddling your paramour inside; as I tyrannically relinquished each of my breath .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; catapulting me to a land higher than mesmerizing paradise; leading me to the most glorious paths of my impoverished existence ?

Only to eventually trip me deliberately from the pinnacle of the treacherous terrain; diffusing the most thunderous chortle of your life; as my body disintegrated into a countless pieces against the rocks .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; teaching me the essence of irrefutable humanity; evacuating my dreary visage from a web of horrendous

gloom and unprecedented despair ?

Only to eventually trade my flesh for a sleazy wad of currency notes; basking in the lap of insatiable luxury; as I rolled tears of blood from beneath the

ghastly entrenchment of chains .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; giving me your shoulder to lean upon in my times of agony; blossoming my insensitive veins into an enchanting island of vibrant love ?

Only to eventually make me the most dreaded terrorist; as I beheaded several innocent with torrential malice; as you relentlessly flirted with the rich man above .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; marvelously replenishing the void of my orphaned conscience; which lay deserted on the barbaric streets; since my first cry of birth ?

Only to eventually blind my gruesomely even in the most flamboyantly dazzling sunlight; as you savagely kicked me off your life; when I needed you the most .

Why did you come into my life in the first place; frolicking with me indefatigably through optimistic meadows of hope; embracing me more perpetually than

even a mother could cling to her child ?

Only to eventually roast all my bones with satanic condemnation; feeding them to your dog with gusto; as your lips were encompassed with the smile of your life .

And why did you come into my life in the first place; stealing each beat of my heart; taking an immortal promise along with my soul to lead a boundless lives together ?

Only to eventually leave me withering towards the corridors of ghastly extinction; stabbing me in the center of my happiness; as you eloped once again with another innocent of my kind; luring him with the sleazy titillation in your voice .

38. WHY SHOULD I ?

Why should I embrace the satanically lecherous; with uncouth blood stained profusely on their devilish palms ?

When I had her impeccable memories floating vividly; in the crystalline white of my poignant eyes .

Why should I play with the acrimonious demons; frolicking in their land inundated with treacherous sin and blood ?

When I had her irrefutably sacrosanct shadow by my side; profoundly alluring me with its ravishing charisma and philanthropic charm .

Why should I bow down in front of the horrendously ghastly traitors; barbarically tyrannizing and rebuking innocent mothers?

When I had her divine persona nestling indefatigably in my soul; enriching it towards its ultimate goal; its most unfathomable richness in life .

Why should I philosophize the indiscriminately illegitimate essence of evil; harnessing coldblooded monsters to escalate higher than the clouds ?

When I had her vivaciously benign dreams in my mind; her rhapsodic fragrance which tirelessly kept casting its irrevocable spell; upon each dwindling bone of my

penurious countenance .

Why should I frantically search for hideous crime; assassinating blissful life diabolically from the trajectory of this celestial Universe ?

When I had the magnanimous festoon of her humanitarian ideals; lingering in even the most inconspicuous ingredient of my crimson blood .

Why should I blend with the torturous winds of malice; weighing myself every instant in the heinously stinking scales of manipulative give and take ?

When I had her battalion of boundless smiles incarcerated safely within the periphery of my lips; endlessly catapulting me to an island of everlasting joy and stupendous fulfillment .

Why should I entangle myself into the murderous battle for insatiable power; baselessly leading each moment of my life to achieve a stardom at the cost of

ruthless bloodshed ?

When I had her sacred palms perpetually united in mine; her godly feet matching my every step; as I propelled forward to scrap parasites from mankind .

Why should I commit horrifically deplorable suicide; relinquish the last breath of my life in utter hopelessness and unsurpassable despair ?

When I her incredulously melodious sounds intransigently engulfing my ears; making me desire beyond the realms of the absolute extraordinary; marvelously quenching every benevolent ambition of mine .

And why should I dream of another birth with Herculean power; blessed with a miraculous prowess to metamorphose every inconspicuous stone into glitteringly mesmerizing gold ?

When I had her immortal heartbeats imprisoned in the innermost realms of my chest; granting me the insurmountable tenacity to lead an infinite more births in this single lifetime of mine; making me feel the richest man alive; even as I stood for a few

seconds on the doorsteps of rotting hell .

39. SHARE WITH ME

Share with me your eyes; not because I was horrendously blind,

But because I am sure; that together our sight combined; would alleviate all our blind compatriots towards corridors of indispensably optimistic light .

Share with me your breath; not because my lungs abhorred to breathe the

disdainfully polluted air outside,

But because I am sure; that together our passion combined; would ignite fireballs of untamed rhapsody; in the heart of the cold blooded night .

Share with me your hands; not because all my fingers felt insipidly weak; to hoist even a minuscule object from soil,

But because I am sure; that together our fortitude combined; would scrap every iota of evil; march unflinchingly towards a celestially blissful humankind .

Share with me your mind; not because my brain stared like a baseless idiot into fathomless expanses of empty space,

But because I am sure; that together our intelligence combined; would mitigate all indiscriminate racialism from hateful souls lingering on the planet; philanthropically assist all those dreadfully maimed; to the euphoric winds of cloud nine .

Share with me your legs; not because my feet melted like a ludicrously pathetic ant; under the most nimble rays of sunshine,

But because I am sure; that together our stride combined; would evacuate all parasitic traitors from the periphery of our motherland; trigger cloudbursts of resilience in

all lackadaisical living kind .

Share with me your ears; not because I showed no reaction at all; even as devastating earthquakes rattled civilizations to raw ash,

But because I am sure; that together our hearing combined; would empathize with each morbidly shivering organism in this world; bring those to absolute justice; who were incessantly tyrannizing mankind .

Share with me your voice; not because I stammered like an intermittently nervous shadow; on each word that stumbled from my mouth,

But because I am sure; that together our sound combined; would inundate this fathomless globe with ingratiating melody; profusely enriching the lives of

all those engulfed with inexplicable despair .

Share with me your shoulders; not because I didn't possess an iota of muscle in my arms; collapsing like a pack of frigid cards; at the tiniest insinuation of the capricious winds,

But because I am sure; that together our power combined; would deluge the lives of those miserably orphaned since childhood with courageous light; transporting them to a land more beautifully enticing than paradise .

Share with me your soul; not because my deplorably empty entity; wavered uncertainly between the aisles of gorgeous heaven; and malicious hell,

But because I am sure; that together our benevolence combined; would; instill the fabulously wonderful elements of existence in waywardly loitering organisms; catapult them back to their most enthralling rudiments of cherished life .

And share with me your heart; not because the beats in mine sporadically fluttered towards the caverns of obsolete oblivion; tottering infinite kilometers beneath the grave; even while robustly alive,

But because I am sure; that together our love combined; would; invincibly immortalize the spirit of uninhibited freedom; the divinely spirit to live and let live; bonding for times immemorial; the rich; poor; and impoverished; alike .

40. MAXIMUM COMFORT

A writer found maximum comfort in his pen; indefatigably penning and exploring with it the mystical vagaries of this astoundingly colossal planet,

A frog found maximum comfort in the well; philandering and rhapsodically bouncing in the morbidly smelling interiors for centuries immemorial,

A lotus found maximum comfort in the sewage pond; disseminating its fragrance to the most remotest corner of this enigmatically wavering Universe; blossoming into captivating melody as the first rays of Sun kissed the clouds,

A philosopher found maximum comfort in his unsurpassable repertoire of philanthropic books; blending each ingredient of his blood profusely; with the patriotically spell binding literature,

A shark found maximum comfort in the ocean; gliding like a majestic prince through its profoundly incomprehensible waters; furtively waiting for its chance to pulverize immaculate prey,

A dog found maximum comfort in his masters feet; voraciously wagging its tail as it witnessed the magnanimous entity who fed it with bread; invincibly guarding all throughout the treacherous night; as its guardian snored in ravishing delight,

An eagle found maximum comfort in the sky; exuberantly soaring higher than the euphoric winds; nestling in the aisles of untamed royalty and ecstatic flight,

A corporate tycoon found maximum comfort in his office; astutely ordering and manipulating people like inconspicuous insects; to catapult to unbelievably dizzy heights,

A bee found maximum comfort in its hive; feasting and culminating into magnificently golden honey; diffusing its profuse melody; to all those deplorably deprived,

A snake found maximum comfort in its gloomy den; loitering in ghastly darkness for decades unprecedented; slithering ominously as surreptitious darkness; wholesomely overshadowed brilliant light,

A crocodile found maximum comfort in the overwhelmingly swampy marshes; menacingly writhing its impoverished caricature; twitching its eyes with a sinister gleam; as it saw humans approaching its lethal side,

A barber found maximum comfort in his saloon; chopping unruly masses of diabolical hair; with the astounding dexterity of his piquantly pepped up knife,

A politician found maximum comfort in his blood stained chair; embedding it deeper and deeper by the unveiling minute upon innocent organisms alive; to shake his uncouth hands with the stars twinkling in emerald sky,

A mouse found maximum comfort in his island of tantalizing cheese; delectably nibbling its poignantly appetizing periphery; then smacking its diminutive lips; and sleeping upon the same in blissful pride,

A mechanic found maximum comfort with his indispensable tools; feeling like the richest man alive; as he fixed the most perplexing of broken machinery; in lightening thunderbolts of time,

A spider found maximum comfort in its charismatically silver web; weaving it relentlessly as the world killed and fought outside; clinging to its slimy strands; like the infant irrefutably embracing his mothers lap,

A painter found maximum comfort in his fathomlessly spotless canvas; deluging its silken persona; with vivaciously titillating strokes of the enthralling countryside,

A cockroach found maximum comfort near the lavatory seat; dancing in a wonderful kingdom of his own; as time swept well past the unearthly hour of cold-blooded midnight,

A child found maximum comfort in the lap of his divinely mother; perpetually resting in her lap; as the planet turned upon him like a ruthless warrior from all sides,

A nightingale found maximum comfort in the ethereal mists; surreally solitary; as it cast the unconquerable spell of its stupendous melody; upon all those baselessly shivering by the graveside,

And my heart found maximum comfort bonding with your immortal beats; and I felt that I had witnessed infinite heavens in a single lifetime; with each of your passionate breath; unitedly diffusing with mine .

41. MY LOVE STILL LAY IN YOUR HEART

I might have reached the astronomical summit of bountiful prosperity; assimilating unfathomable wealth in the tenure of my short life,

But my childhood still lay profoundly in your impeccable eyes; frolicking uninhibitedly with you behind the trees; wholesomely oblivious to the

manipulative vagaries of mankind .

I might have created magic; registering my name in the ultimate records; insatiably conquering towering conquests by Gods grace,

But my destiny still lay in the lines of your immaculately ravishing palms; clinging incorrigibly to your majestic shadow; as you led me through the ravishingly undulating terrain of life .

I might have become a cherishable constituent of all society; with people insurmountably craving for my compassionate company; to any other richness in this

gigantic Universe,

But my desires still lay in your voluptuously wandering skin; tantalizing me beyond the point of untamed control; as I fulminated into fireballs of ecstatic passion; high and handsome towards blue sky .

I might have attained the realms of prudent maturity; perhaps faster than any tangible being; leading life higher than the clouds every unleashing instant of the flamboyant day,

But my ambitions still lay in your magnanimous soul; which propelled me indefatigably; to sacrifice every moment of impoverished existence; to the service of

dwindling humanity .

I might have successfully accomplished the unimaginably impossible; winning the accolades of the overwhelmingly rich; and horrendously poor; alike,

But my artistry still lay hidden in your compassionate veins; unrelentingly making me blossom into a fountain of versatile magic; making me explore the entire beauty of this fathomless planet; as the Sun rose fragrantly in the sky; once again .

I might have irrefutably won countless a battle; wholesomely freeing my motherland; from the onslaught of the most acrimoniously treacherous traitors,

But my inspiration still lay hidden in your intrepidly unflinching gait; triggering me to leap a boundless steps completely blind; and yet emerge out of the most horrific of fires; as perfectly exuberant and alive .

I might have rewritten the parameters of history; inundating the periphery of mesmerizing earth; with my unsurpassable repertoire of intriguing inventions,

But my dedication still lay in your delectably sacrosanct feet; bowing down to your heavenly grace as your immortal slave; and then winning every race in the world; like thunderbolts of ebullient lightening; falling from the sky .

I might have survived for innumerable centuries; transcending over all mortals as an angel; who irrevocably refused to pathetically die,

But my breath still lay in your euphorically fiery nostrils; passionately living for all living kind; incessantly bonding with all those alleviating pain; with the blessings of Omniscient lord by our side .

And I might have led an infinite lives in a single lifetime; proving an exemplary for all those tottering towards nervous extinction; as a messiah that never cried,

But my love still lay incarcerated in your immortal heart; and your invincible ocean of throbbing beats; miraculously giving me all the energy to metamorphose

monotonously sinister earth once again; into a veritable paradise .

42. YOUR HEART SAID IT ALL

You don't have to utter a single word; your mesmerizing eyes said it all; when they winked like the goddess of everlasting eternity,

You don't have to utter a single word; your voluptuous lips said it all; when they ardently kissed; transiting me to space above cloud nine,

You don't have to utter a single word; your rubicund cheeks said it all; when they flirtatiously blushed; igniting fireballs of untamed desire in my soul,

Your don't have to utter a single word; your dainty feet said it all; when they tinkled in the enchantment of the ravishing night,

You don't have to utter a single word; your enchanting shadow said it all; when it swept past my dreary persona; making me feel the richest man breathing; the happiest soul alive,

You don't have to utter a single word; your tantalizing hair said it all; when they seductively swished; rekindling my faith in horrendously withering mankind,

You don't have to utter a single word; your magnanimous palms said it all; when they exotically caressed my shivering skin; incinerating tremors of uncanny excitement;

in my scarlet blood,

You don't have to utter a single word; your tantalizing belly said it all; when it rhapsodically danced under the enigmatic wilderness of alluring twilight,

You don't have to utter a single word; your gorgeous smile said it all; making me consolidate upon my ultimate mission of fervent life,

You don't have to utter a single word; your voluptuously rosy ears said it all; standing up in ecstatic exhilaration as I whispered; the most inconspicuously feeble of sound,

You don't have to utter a single word; your pristine charisma said it all; as it ingratiatingly lured me towards each of your ardently escalating senses,

You don't have to utter a single word; your titillating neck said it all; as it rose and fell in unprecedented mysticism; with the unfurling of vivacious dawn,

You don't have to utter a single word; your vibrantly divine fingers said it all; when they romantically sketched the most minuscule of my mischievous facial contours,

You don't have to utter a single word; your enamoring skin said it all; when it culminated into an infinite goose-bumps; as I trespassed even countless kilometers away from its heavenly periphery,

You don't have to utter a single word; your fabulous forehead said it all; as it triggered insatiable fantasy in my mind; staring at me even centuries after my death,

You don't have to utter a single word; your astronomical conviction said it all; inspiring me to face the most acrimoniously deadly hurdles of life; without a the slightest shiver down my spine,

You don't have to utter a single word; your immaculate soul said it all; making me feel as if I was just born; as if I had just commenced the chapter of existence; even as I was about to die,

You don't have to utter a single word; your fierily passionate breath said it all; making me believe in all mankind; making me feel every instant as I was forever alive,

And you don't have to utter a single word; you heart said it all; incarcerating me in its immortally sacrosanct beats; inundating each aspect of my existence with unfathomable love; making me forever its perpetual slave .

43. WHO WAS SHE ?

Who was she who stole my sleep; although I felt like collapsing like a dead sack; perspiring more than Sun all throughout the brilliant day ?

Who was she who made me feel like a prince; although I was the poorest entity alive; rotting in stinking jute; as my comrades danced in majestic silk outside ?

Who was she who tormented me beyond the point of no control; tantalizing me like a heavenly seductress; and then living me supremely replenished in my impoverished life ?

Who was she who made me crave for more although I had achieved my share from my life; made me insatiably wander through uncanny lanes of the romantically

unexplored ?

Who was she who made me love every entity on this fathomless planet; when infact I had even forgotten to take my name with pride ?

Who was she who ignited thunderbolts of unprecedented desire in my diminutive demeanor; even though it murderously snowed since centuries outside?

Who was she who came like an angel in my blood; not only mitigating it from the most deadliest of disease; but granting it an incredulously infinite more lives ?

Who was she who became each word I spoke; each dream that I desired even in the most boisterous of light; stumbling on each footstep although I had the

most strongest of feet ?

Who was she who always invisibly comforted me the most when I needed it; ensuring I irrefutably emerged triumphant in every aspect of intrepidly challenging life ?

Who was she who was the unflinching candle of my every night; who divinely guided me to my mission; the ultimate fantasies of my life; even before I could speak ?

Who was she who made me witness paradise even in the midst of unruly traffic; propelled me to take birth an infinite times; till I blissfully pacified the insurmountable agony of my dwindling soul?

Who was she who made me soar through the clouds like a royal eagle; compassionately romancing with the exotic winds that clung ardently to my famished wings ?

Who was she who engendered me to continue God's sacred chapter of never ending life; making me procreate countless more of my kind ?

Who was she who deluged my life with unsurpassable happiness; metamorphosing each tear of mine into pearls of exuberantly enthralling joy ?

Who was she who at times became my mother; my father; my sister; never making me feel that I was uncouthly orphaned right since my first cry of devastated life ?

Who was she who made me oblivious to the most thunderous sounds in this Universe; following her footsteps like an insane lunatic; even after the last droplet of blood had wholesomely evaporated from my veins ?

Who was she who came like a shadow in my pathetic survival; became the insatiably voluptuous redolence of each of my senses; assuming monumental proportions

more than the divine ?

Who was she who stole each beat of my heart; made me feel the richest alive not only in this birth; but immortalized each minuscule breath of mine ?

And although I didn't meet her in this lifetime of mine; not had the tiniest of insinuation of how her body looked; it was indeed the power of her invincible

soul; that made me break through each hell; love her forever and ever and ever in a land of the Omnipotent God's; in a land of ultimate paradise .

44. IMMORTAL WIFE

At times an innocuous child; transiting me way back into profound nostalgia; as she teased and frolicked on my lap,

At times a romantic philosopher; teaching me the unfathomable forms of love; as she danced tantalizingly under the blanket of majestically twinkling stars,

At times a voracious busy body; brewing for me the most sumptuous meals of my life; as she perspired like a bull under disdainful smoke that emanated from the

kitchen stove,

At times an eternal friend; standing by my side like an invincible fortress in my hour of dilapidated distress; as she kissed all my apprehensions away with her voluptuous lips,

At times a meticulous matron; imparting me a right to exist in the cleanest of heaven; as she enchantingly purified my home and soul; alike,

At times an ultimate seductress; igniting my life with thunderbolts of insatiable passion; as she floated like an exotic fairy in each of my ravishing dream,

At times a Goddess of perpetual love; ensuring that I breathed to my fullest each unleashing minute of life; as she inundated every aspect of my existence with her

stupendously royal caress,

At times a bird of uninhibited freedom; making me drift far away from monotonous reality; embracing me tirelessly in a land of mesmerizing rose and paradise,

At times a magically silken angel; annihilating even the most tiniest of thorn from my life; as she encapsulated me from all sides; with the philanthropic warmth of her soul,

At times a sacrosanct mother; seeing to it that I stringently accomplished all my assignments of the day; as she became the insurmountable tenacity in my eyes; the astronomical conviction in my heart,

At times a revered teacher; maneuvering me with astounding dexterity through each aspect of persevering life; as she herself sacrificed all wonderful ecstasy in life,

At times a sharing father; defending me against all treachery lingering around; as she listened and profoundly commiserated with my unfortunate tale of woes,

At times a mischievous sister; incessantly teasing me till I fulminated into unrelenting laughter; as she bounced and vivaciously radiated into a festoon of bubbly smiles,

At times a thorough professional; stirring me out from my horrendously baseless fantasies which led to nothingness; as she marched forward to unflinchingly enjoy every aspect of existence,

At times an ardent fanatic; perpetuating me to drown into realms of unending fantasy; as she indefatigably swished under milky rays of impeccable moonlight,

At times a magnanimous messiah; teaching me to bow down to humanity irrespective of religion; caste or creed; as she benevolently donated all her riches to impoverished mankind in pain,

At times the epitome of beauty; deluging my survival with enthralling entrenchment and stupendous charm; as she gallivanted merrily on the aisles of augmenting

desire glistening as splendidly as the Sun,

At times a gentle draught of wind; granting me that eternal peace that I had always desired; as she herself underwent all the miseries of salaciously treacherous life,

At times this; and At times that; the list is endless but still a fraction too frugal to describe her divinely countenance; as she was everything for me in my impoverished life; she was my immortal wife .

45. PARADISE

Paradise was in your eyes; if they unsurpassably harbored the feeling of philanthropic benevolence for all mankind,

Paradise was in your lips; if they gave a smile to your impoverished comrades in inexplicable pain; flooding their tottering lives with unprecedented happiness,

Paradise was in your voice; if it disseminated the essence of immortal peace; pacified the tyrannized agony of the innocent deprived; with the benign melody in your sound,

Paradise was in your shoulders; if they hoisted all those orphaned shivering disastrously on barren streets; towards the ultimate summit of bountiful prosperity,

Paradise was in your palms; if they blessed all those destitutes obnoxiously battered in life; molding their vibrant destinies; with the insurmountable tenacity of your fingers,

Paradise was in your ears; if they profoundly heard the disastrously augmenting wails of the impeccable in distress; gushing like an untamed whirlwind; to be their messiah in their hour of tumultuous discomfort,

Paradise was in your emotions; if they were fulminated turbulently for withering mankind; profusely commiserating with both ecstasy as well as pain,

Paradise was in your fantasy; if it incessantly revolved round making this planet a better place to exist; culminated into a fountain of astronomical sacrifice and goodwill,

Paradise was in your lids; if they enlightened the lives of the deplorably frustrated; winking and thereby triggering insatiable cloudbursts of desire,

Paradise was in your shadow; if it overwhelmingly calmed down irascible discrimination; sequestered dying man in its compassionate swirl,

Paradise was in your flesh; if it ignited fireballs of intransigent passion; in the lives of those frigidly hovering like ghastly ghosts; without their soul mates,

Paradise was in your bones; if they magnanimously bore the load of tangible organisms in pain and traumatic torture; carrying them indefatigably; till the time

they acquired the fortitude to construct their own abode in life,

Paradise was in your wealth; if it was unequivocally used to alleviate dwindling humanity; scrap the essence of malnourishment and stinking poverty; from

the trajectory of this fathomless Universe,

Paradise was in your blood; if it flowed uninhibitedlyfor your countrymen in horrendous despair; becoming the unfathomable resilience of their bodies; to fight

against evil infiltrating their serene kind,

Paradise was in your soul; if it existed for centuries immemorial; combating the devil with its irrefutable spirit of truth; every time that it dared to vindictively arise,

Paradise was in your conscience; if it fought for unconquerable righteousness all night and day; towering above the clouds like an embellished prince; after affording the same to all its fellow beings; incarcerated in webs of malice,

Paradise was in your breath; if it ardently instilled life in the immaculately lifeless; reinvigorate devastatingly shattered lives with the scent of exuberant newness,

And paradise was in your heart; if it took an infinite more births for the person it loved; ensuring that the waves of immortal love; formed invincible bonds; uniting the rich and poor alike; from even the most remotest corners of this boundless planet .

46. BREAKING THE STUMPS

In order to break the stumps of the boundless cricket field; all that was required was a brilliantly scarlet and royally red ball,

In order to break the stumps of the dolorously murky sky; all that was required was gloriously rhapsodic rays of flamboyant light,

In order to break the stumps of heinously stagnating depression; all that was required was a philanthropically charismatic smile,

In order to break the stumps of uncouth treachery; all that was required was perpetual empathy; which inundated every soul with unprecedented bliss and

celestial happiness,

In order to break the stumps of painstakingly sweaty boredom; all that was required was exuberantly escalating cheer; towering unflinchingly above the blue sky,

In order to break the stumps of morbid blackness; all that was required was an optimistic rays of enchanting light,

In order to break the stumps of insanely maniacal depression; all that was required was astronomical conviction in your abilities; a never ending spirit to surge forward in life,

In order to break the stumps of impoverished malice; all that was required was uninhibited goodwill; the winds of benevolence which embrace one and all; alike,

In order to break the stumps of indiscriminate hatred; all that was required was the sacred virtue of sharing; which made you feel the richest organism on earth; alive,

In order to break the stumps of the hideously tyrannizing glass; all that was required was a diminutive chunk of stone; compounded with a dexterously astute hurl of the palm,

In order to break the stumps of the satanic devil; all that was required was an inconspicuous puff of the irrefutably divine; ordinary mankind uniting in the

mission to scrap crime from this planet alike,

In order to break the stumps of the frigidly shivering parasitic ice; all that was required was golden beams of intrepid Sunlight; metamorphosing the ominous

avalanche into heavenly streams of harmonious liquid,

In order to break the stumps of baseless fear; all that was required was surmountable faith in your senses; the patriotic warrior lingering intrinsically in your poignant blood,

In order to break the stumps of malevolent disdain; all that was required was transparent voices of the conscience; blessing all with the Omnipotent power to

distinguish between the good and bad,

In order to break the stumps of diabolical stinginess; all that was required was a magnanimously open heart; wholeheartedly diffusing the Omnipresent essence of

humanity,

In order to break the stumps of self inflicted sorrow; all that was required was a bountifully blooming festoon of crimson rose; sprouting into the majestic

winds of a new found beginning,

In order to break the stumps of criminal disease; all that was required was a impeccably benign society; which harbored the most diminutively perspiring

entities; for simply what they were,

In order to break the stumps of perilously rotting yesterday; all that was required was an insatiably untamed desire; to blossom into countless more tomorrow's,

And in order to break the stumps of my fervently throbbing heart; all that was required was your immortal love; which gave it the sole reason to beat for centuries immemorial; more importantly a tireless mission to beat for all mankind .

47. LOVE IS MAGIC

Devils are hideously diabolic,

Children are impeccably nostalgic,

Miseries are inexplicably traumatic,

Waves are voluptuously charismatic,

Cuckoos are stupendously rhetoric,

Mothers are inevitably sympathetic,

Clouds are torrentially colic,

Mobs are unrelentingly toxic,

Flowers are wonderfully exotic,

Villagers are tirelessly nomadic,

Humans are diminutively mimic,

Dungeons are despicably claustrophobic,

Winds are exuberantly rhapsodic,

Emotions are poignantly automatic,

Benevolent are royally aristocratic,

Manipulative are spuriously melodramatic,

Perfectionists are meticulously systematic,

Lava's are pugnaciously volcanic,

Maelstrom's are violently cyclonic,

Parasites are insidiously dogmatic,

Vampires are treacherously gothic,

Earthquakes are dangerously seismic,

Fantasies are astoundingly oligarchic,

Ambitious are unsurpassably workaholic,

Dinosaurs are incomprehensibly gigantic,

Lakes are beautifully pacific,

Butchers are uncouthly barbaric,

Critics are ignominiously sardonic,

Emblems are sagaciously symbolic,

Bombastic are insanely idiotic,

Politicians are ludicrously ironic,

Murderers are devilishly satanic,

Passionate are surreally alcoholic,

Forests are boundlessly enigmatic,

Trendsetters are mysteriously psychic,

Angels are immaculately magnetic,

Deaths are horrendously tragic,

Traitors are invidiously horrific,

Pastimes are intriguingly mystic,

Nightingales are melodiously music,

Arithmetic is insatiably logic,

Rocks are mystically geologic,

Madmen are abnormally sadistic,

Prudent are practically phlegmatic,

Achievers are ebulliently pragmatic,

Blissful are diligently yogic,

Believers are differently eccentric,

Visionaries are masterfully fantastic,

Kangaroos are uninhibitedly frolic,

Divinely are philanthropically holistic,

Stones are harmoniously stoic,

Stalwarts are blazingly heroic,

Hair are spellbindingly static,

Roots are tantalizingly aromatic,

Prejudiced are irrefutably rheumatic,

Stars are resplendently cosmic,

Clowns are ridiculously comic,

Cherries are supremely scholastic,

Silks are gloriously majestic,

Clouds are enchantingly romantic,

Deploration is dangerously attic,

Lecherous are astutely parasitic,

Rich are opulently fanatic,

Pungent are beautifully turmeric,

Orientally veiled are handsomely Arabic,

Forces are effusively cubic,

Morons are derogatorily zombic,

Adventurers are enthrallingly maverick,

Housewives are sometimes sarcastic,

Soldiers are immortally titanic,

Scarecrows are frigidly plastic,

Specialists are targetedly specific,

Clocks are everlastingly tic-tic,

Workaholics are monotonously hectic,

Mornings are dynamically optimistic,

World is fathomlessly scenic,

Suspicious are dolorously pessimistic,

Wounds are disastrously septic,

Anthems are spiritedly patriotic,

Show-offers are temporarily cosmetic,

Trustworthy are overwhelmingly phonetic,

Mannerisms are prominently genetic,

Innocent are impregnably photogenic,

Christians are staunchly catholic,

Aggrieved are unavoidably acidic,

Vindictive are explosively ballistic,

Philosophers are brilliantly poetic,

Organisms are astoundingly symmetric,

Rainshowers are perennially exotic,

Smugglers are inherently narcotic,

Survival is celestially synergistic,

Frogs are disdainfully cacophonic,

Cowards are pathetically laconic,

Valleys are fabulously panoramic,

Hearts are puristically intrinsic,

And love is universally magic .

48. NOBODY'S EVER STOPPED YOU

Nobody's ever stopped you from profoundly relishing enchanting beams of poignantly brilliant sunlight; just because there already existed the murderously

ghoulish night;

Nobody's ever stopped you from insatiably feasting upon the scent of the compassionately scarlet rose; just because there already existed the grotesquely

fetid and abhorrently stinking gutter,

Nobody's ever stopped you from triumphantly blazing in the fields of unflinching righteousness; just because there already existed ignominiously ostracizing and

manipulative deceit,

Nobody's ever stopped you from intrepidly exultating on the ultimate summit of benign strength; just because there already existed the infinitesimally abysmal coffin of cowardliness,

Nobody's ever stopped you from embedding even the most diminutive cranny of your persona with the petals of simplicity; just because there already existed the

gallows of pompously pulverizing prejudice,

Nobody's ever stopped you from inexhaustibly drinking the elixir of perpetual truth; just because there already existed the unsurpassably gory mortuary of meaninglessly decrepit lies,

Nobody's ever stopped you from uninhibitedly romancing with the winds of boundlessly victorious freedom; just because there already existed the treacherously

vindictive and agonizingly chauvinistic whip of slavery,

Nobody's ever stopped you from uniting the brutally estranged planet with the thread of oneness; just because there already existed the satanic web of indiscriminately parasitic politics,

Nobody's ever stopped you from indefatigably being a harbinger of all humanity; just because there already existed the delirious devil gobbling humans; animals and living organisms; pugnaciously alike,

Nobody' s ever stopped you from mellifluously perpetuating the atmosphere with the hymns of global brotherhood; just because there already existed the salaciously diabolical cacophony of severely self destructive selfishness and malice,

Nobody's ever stopped you from timelessly catapulting to newer summits of spell bindingly intriguing innovation; just because there already existed the clammily monotonous hole in the belly of slavering soil,

Nobody's ever stopped you from tirelessly dancing in the mists of sensuously untamed mischief; just because there already existed the lasciviously incarcerating

graveyard of monotonous chicanery,

Nobody's ever stopped you from boisterously chirping with the full and unparalleled fervor of blessed life; just because there already existed the preposterously stagnated and withering dungeon of stony silence,

Nobody's ever stopped you from philanthropically liberating your fellow comrades in unimaginably horrific despair; just because there already existed cannibalistic anarchy in every corner of the sleazily commercial world,

Nobody's ever stopped you from endlessly procreating an infinite more virile of your own kind; just because there already existed the spuriously criminal droplet of perilously impairing infertility,

Nobody's ever stopped you from continuously fantasizing into the land of the Omnipotently endowing; just because there already existed the cobwebs of scurrilously obsolete and obfuscated dilapidation,

Nobody's ever stopped you from forever coalescing with the wave of unshakable oneness; just because there already existed a myriad of indiscriminatingly separating religion on the trajectory of this Universe,

Nobody's ever stopped you from holistically cleansing every frazzled pore of your demeanor with the waterfall of bountifully symbiotic life; just because there already existed the dirt of unbearably venomous dastardliness,

Nobody's ever stopped you from inhaling and exhaling boundless galleries of exotically fresh air; just because there already existed nonchalantly asphyxiating and despairing lifelessness,

And nobody's ever stopped you from immortally dedicating every beat of your heart to the person you love; just because there already existed the shadows of torturously slandering and flagrantly ghastly betrayal .

49. JUST FORGET IT BUDDY

You might have sprinkled the most opulent fragrance of holistic sandalwood on even the most infinitesimal pore of your body; since a countless moments before the crackle of fugitive dawn,

You might have profusely pursed your lips with the most rhapsodically ecstatic sugarcane juice; till the time they radiated a majestically perpetual scarlet,

You might have adorned your wrists with the most spell-bindingly royal wrist-watch; whose untamed effervescence could singlehandedly illuminate the complexion of the ghoulishly frigid night,

You might have brandished the most blazingly fearless sword on your countenance; unflinchingly portraying you to be a true soldier of your sacrosanct mother soil,

But. Just Forget it buddy. For if her heart really didn't beat for you; then do whatever conceivable you could; dress so dynamically that the fathomless sky irrefutably blended with threadbare ground; and she'd still commit a countless suicides; rather than betray her heartbeats to love and marry you .

1 .

You might have embellished your eyelashes with a mascara so overwhelmingly

sensuous; that even the most treacherously dumb stones sprang to vivaciously

enamoring life,

You might have scrubbed your skin with the most stringent antiseptic; making it glow more brilliantly than the blistering afternoon Sun,

You might have developed your muscles more effusively than the most indomitably towering mountain peaks; as they came the unrelenting desire of every nubile maiden alive,

You might have adorned your charismatic persona in the most fashionably awe-inspiring denim suit; with an aura of unceasing silk ubiquitously diffusing from your pricelessly exquisite demeanor,

But. Just Forget it buddy. For if her heart really didn't beat for you; then do whatever conceivable you could; dress so enchantingly that even the most languidly barren patches in sky showered torrential rain ; and she'd still commit a countless suicides; rather than betray her heartbeats to love and marry you .

2 .

You might have uninhibitedly rolled in a river of Olive Oil; to marvelously accentuate each cranny of your countenance; to the most unprecedentedly enthralling limits,

You might have unsurpassably fudged your nape with the costliest chains of gold and silver; twinkling like a resplendently gregarious star even in the most cadaverously blackened night,

You might have sequestered your bohemian feet within the most luxuriously regale ivory shoes; engendering the earth to thunder as you gloriously marched in impeccable integrity,

You might have shielded the whites and blacks of your eyes with the most

magnetically pristine shades of Sun glass; through which the entire planet appeared as an insuperably compassionate romantic mist,

But. Just Forget it buddy. For if her heart really didn't beat for you; then

do whatever conceivable you could; dress so triumphantly that every miserably incarcerated ingredient of the atmosphere liberated towards eternal freedom; and she'd still commit a countless suicides; rather than betray her heartbeats to love and marry you .

3 .

You might have swirled the hair on your scalp to such unbelievably remarkable degrees of jazzy contemporariness; that every eyeball as you wandered on the streets; stayed agglutinated towards you for times immemorial,

You might have galloped in such lightening fast cars; that the pulse of every exuberant girl on this planet; felt like climaxing to its best in the land of celestially unfettered paradise,

You might have sung such inimitable tunes of effulgent melody; that even the

most salacious trace of despairing prejudice in bereaved quarter of mother earth; metamorphosed into a garden of mesmerizing newness,

You might have entwined such an unimaginably fascinating snake leather belt

in your trouser; that the most enviably tantalizing damsels on this globe; obeisantly bowed down to even the most ethereal of your commands,

But. Just Forget it buddy. For if her heart really didn't beat for you; then you could do whatever conceivable you could; dress so handsomely that the planet outside felt bizarrely naked without a cloth on its body ; and she'd still commit a countless suicides; rather than betray her heartbeats to love and marry you .

50. BUT WHAT TO DO WITH THIS HEART

I could perhaps control my brain; diverting it to a billion other directions of mesmerizing beauty and unparalleled enchantment,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats unrelentingly bounced to an infinite kilometers beyond the horizons of emptiness in clear sky; without her magically royal shadow by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; profusely sedating it without listening to a trifle of its choice; with the most efficaciously inclement tranquilizers,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats reverberated more thunderously than the most untamed lightening and storm; without her unbelievably mellifluous voice by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; maliciously poisoning it against the most ethereal of emotion on this Universe; everytime it commenced to inexplicably cry,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats lost every trace of direction; went ludicrously haywire even in the most brilliantly explicit Sunlight; without her

magnanimously bestowing palms by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; treacherously rebuking it to such an ignominiously contemptuous threshold; that it became oblivious to its very own voice,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats drowned a zillion feet beneath the coffin of nothingness; without the rhapsodically effulgent sweetness of her existence by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; mechanically attuning it to the mundane vagaries of survival; dictating upon it that the mantra of survival of the fittest was the only mantra that it should profoundly realize,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats dimmed to a lackadaisical singleton in the entire day; without her miraculously alleviating aura by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; whiplashing it with the severest of medicinal injection; so that it couldn't conceive an iota beyond the aisles of mundane

practicality,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats withered more faster than preposterously slippery quick sand; without her innocuously righteous stare by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; splitting it apart into an unsurpassable halves; as it started to reminisce those moments when we first divinely met,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats shook hands with murderous apocalypses of hedonistic hell; without her pristinely humanitarian stride by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; metamorphosing its structure surgically; from one that remained obsessed solely with her desire; to one that nonchalantly moved

step by step with the ruthlessly robotic planet outside,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats uncompromisingly cried tears of raw blood for an infinite more lifetimes; without her fructifying dynamite of blissful energy by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; neutralizing even the most evanescent of its intricate emotionality; with the salaciously cold-blooded poison of current world commercialism and inevitable corruption,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats trembled more vociferously than the tremors of the most devastating earthquake; without her timelessly blossoming fragrance by their side .

I could perhaps control my brain; inexhaustibly subjugating it with chains of concentratedly Spartan meditation; whenever it wandered towards memories of

gloriously triumphant past,

But what to do with this heart; whose beats were rendering me an unfathomable billion torturous deaths even though I was veritably alive; without the spirit

of her immortally Omnipotent love by their side .

## The End .
 
You die; I die – Love Poems – Part 9

## By

## Nikhil Parekh

[ Note - Currently I seek a traditional publisher for the publication of my above mentioned Book , in the Print form . Published here ; is this Poetry Collection of mine in its entirety , alongwith the differently titled Poems contained in the Book . As of the present moment ; 47 of my Books are available for purchase in the eBook format from Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - amazon.com/author/nikhilparekh . My syle of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal , though my Poetry / literature is normal and natural . GOD'S grace on me . i am nothing infront of GOD . i am nothing infront of GOD'S holy messengers . So any victorious publisher who may want to publish my Poetry in Paperback without Financial Expenditure to me , can directly communicate with me at the address , nikhilparekh99@gmail.com or indianpoetnikhilparekh@gmail.com ] . I am Nikhil Parekh , ( born 27 August , 1977 ) , poet and author from Ahmedabad , India . I am also a 10 - Time National Record holder for my Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India , limcabookofrecords.in - which is India's Best Book of Records , Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . You can visit me at - nikhilparekh.org ; to browse my Poetry on GOD , Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood - at this website you can also browse my varied Books , my awards and my National records in Poetry .

Copyright © by Nikhil Parekh

All rights reserved. No Part of this book publications may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, Electronic, Mechanical, Photocopying, Recording, Print or otherwise, without prior permission of Copyright owner and Author, Nikhil Parekh.

###

###

###

###

###

###

###

### 

###

###

### Author Biography

Nikhil Parekh , ( born August 27 , 1977 ) , from Ahmedabad , India - is a Love Poet and 10 time National Record holder for his Poetry with the Limca Book of Records India - limcabookofrecords.in , which is India's Best Book of Records , also Ranked 2nd in the World officially to Guinness Book of World Records . He is an author of - ' LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY ' , which has a Print Length of 5254 pages on the Amazon Kindle .

The Poet's style of Poetry / literature is unique and has never ever been written before or experimented on the mortal planet by any mortal . Though his Poetry / literature is normal and natural .

10 National Records held by Parekh with the Limca Book of Records India are for –

( 1 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published / featured in McGill English Dictionary of Rhyme which is the World's Number 1 English Rhyming Dictionary - for his poem , Come Lets Embrace our New Religion

( 2 ) Being the First Indian Poet to have won Poet of the Year Award at the Canadian Federation of Poets which is Canada's National Poetry Body endorsed by Governor General of Canada

( 3 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be published in a Commonwealth Newsletter for his poem on AIDS which is - Aids doesn't kill . Your Attitude kills .

( 4 ) Being the First Indian Poet to win an EPPIE award for best Poetry EBook

( 5 ) Writing the most number of letters to and receiving the most number of replies from World Leaders and World Organizations .

( 6 ) Being the First Indian Poet to be Goodwill Ambassador to the International Goodwill Treaty for World Peace - GoodwillTreaty.org .

( 7 ) Being the First Indian Poet whose Poems have been made into Films at Youtube.com - The World's largest video sharing website .

( 8 ) Being the 1st Indian Poet to be featured for his Poetry Book - Love versus Terrorism- Poems on Anti Terror, Peace , at Wattpad.com - The World's most popular ebook community and largest website for reading books on mobile phones .

**( 9 )** **Being the first Indian Poet whose video reciting a Poem on Nelson Mandela , has been placed at the official website of the Government of South Africa .**

(10) "Having authored LONGEST BOOK written by a mortal - COLLECTED POETRY - which is of Print Length 5254 pages and currently has approximately 1.15 million words , financially selling in the Amazon.com Kindle Store United States at - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003Y8XLKQ".

The Indian Poet has written thousands of poems on - GOD, Peace , Love , Anti Terrorism , Friendship , Life , Death , Environment, Wildlife , Mother , Father , Children , Parenthood , Humanity , Social Cause , Women empowerment , Poverty , Lovers , Brotherhood . His Books and Poems have had millions of viewers and downloads on the Internet .

Parekh is an author of 47 varied Books which include - 1 God ( volume 1 to volume 4 ) , The Womb ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , Love Versus Terrorism ( Part 1 to Part 2 ) , You die; I die - Love Poems ( Part 1 to Part 16 ) , Life = Death ( volume 1 to volume 10 ), The Power of Black ( volume 1 to volume 2 ) , If you cut a tree; you cut your own mother , Hide and Seek ( part 1 to part 8 ) , Longest Poem written by Nikhil Parekh - Only as Life . These Books comprise of nearly a 7000 pages of his Poetry .

The Poet's Poetry has had the patronization of several World Leaders including the Queen of England . Visit Nikhil Parekh at – nikhilparekh.org .

About The Poetry Book - This Book which has 40 differently titled Poems is actually Part 9 of the Book titled – You die; I die – Love Poems ( 1600 pages ) . Poems symbolizing the immortality of love and at times its fickleness. Parekh takes the reader through a paradise naturally embellished with the ingredients of eternal romance and its sporadic failures. As they say life and death are two sides of the coin, similarly with every true anecdote of love there also comes fretful divorce—a thing which has been most sensitively described throughout this great collection of poems for the heart. Written and dipped in each ingredient of his passionate blood, Parekh comes out with startling revelations about the truest of love stories and their failures. Each verse has been delicately intertwined with a boundless aspects of relationships, romance, cheating, betrayal and goes on to prove that Immortal Love towers over every shattered heart. A start to finish with some of the most heart-rendering love poems ever, this makes a great collection for ever true lover breathing and desiring to be loved on earth and beyond. This collection of poems aims at perpetually uniting every heart on this Universe in the spirit of Immortal love and friendship. Because these are the two quintessential ingredients to lead life till its last breath. Irrespective of whatever color, faith or religion, it is only the rainbow of love which can transform the ghastliest monsters and perpetrators of humanity into peaceful lovers. Therefore this book inexhaustibly endeavors to speak and preach the language of love even after its last embossed alphabet.

## CONTENTS

1. DON'T MESS WITH LOVE

2. RATHER THAN BETRAY

3. WHEN WE HAD FIRST FALLEN IN LOVE

4. TODAY'S THE DAY

5. ALL I ENDED UP DOING

6. BEWARE

7. IF YOUR LOVE WAS TRUE   
8. THE SIGNATURE OF LOVE

9. EVERYWHERE

10. AM I UNFORGIVINGLY UNJUST ?

11. IF YOU DARE TO DREAM

12. THE LANGUAGE OF MY HEART

13. DOESN'T STOP YOU

14. NO TRAINING

15. ITS ALL THERE IN YOUR HEART

16. LETS LOVE EACH OTHER

17. HER SLAVE, HER ADMIRER, HER LOVER

18. BORN ONLY TO

19. WITHOUT MY BELOVED

20. THERE WAS NO GREATER SLAVE

21. IMPRESSSED

22. CAPS   
23. 2 HEARTS

24. WHEN WE FELL IN LOVE – PART 2

25. WHEN I REMEMBER YOU

26. THIRSTY

27. FOREVER AND PRICELESSLY ONE

28. I'LL KEEP TRYING HARD

29. IMPREGNABLY MARRIED

30. PLEASE SAY SOMETHING ATLEAST

31. CRUELLY STARVED

32. ONLY THOSE  
33. AT HER OMNIPRESENT FEET

34. IF YOU THOUGHT

35. WHAT USE ?  
36. YOU SIMPLY COULDN'T HIDE

37. EXPRESSING LOVE

38. GODDAMNED ARE THOSE

39. ONE DAY   
40. EVERY HEART

1. DON'T MESS WITH LOVE

Don't mess with lies; it would hedonistically massacre you with its fangs of vindictively flagrant prejudice,

Don't mess with the scorpion; it would so ballistically permeate its venomously curled tail into your nimble flesh; that you'd never be able to raise your hindside,

Don't mess with the Sun; it would burn you to infinitesimal moles of inane ash; which wouldn't be accepted even by the land of disastrously disappearing oblivion,

Don't mess with the Shark; it would pulverize every element of your countenance to such a pulverized chowder; that wouldn't be visible with even the most contemporarily high powered telescope,

Don't mess with the avalanche; it would treacherously bury you an infinite feet beneath your corpse; a place so scurrilously asphyxiating beneath the earth; where

even darkness dreaded to dare,

Don't mess with obsession; it would maniacally frazzle every sensuously sensitive vein of your persona; reduce you to such a bundle of delirious meaninglessness that even the coffins of hell would blatantly refuse,

Don't mess with the ghost; it would wretchedly jinx you beyond the comprehensions of infinite infinity; torturing you to such an extent; that you vomited raw blood everytime you witnessed the contours of your face,

Don't mess with the storm; it would inexhaustibly lambaste you against cold-blooded stone; till the time your bones felt that wholesomely gruesome extinction was a better alternative instead,

Don't mess with the knife; it would slice you into so many unsparing countless bits; that even the most hideously barbaric vultures would find it bizarrely gory to digest,

Don't mess with the lion; it wouldn't given you even the most evanescent chance to fulfill your last wish; before it gobbled you like a robust mosquito for its afternoon lunch,

Don't mess with corruption; it would make every step of your blissfully resplendent existence; more egregiously strangulating than the werewolves of ghoulishly satanic hell,

Don't mess with the vampish seductress; she would firstly tantalize you to realms beyond supremely ecstatic paradise; only to mercilessly excoriate apart every bit of your skin; for stitching her compassionate night-coat,

Don't mess with the gallows; they would surreptitiously creep upon you in your celestially contented slumber; to make it nefariously and irretrievably permanent,

Don't mess with the bat; it would so barbarously pluck the whites and blacks of your beautiful eyes; that your face would dissolve into laconically inconspicuous space for times immemorial,

Don't mess with the mirage; it would satiate the chords of your agonizingly charred throat till beyond eternal eternity; before eventually making you lick granules of dry sand with acidulous thorns embedded inside; instead,

Don't mess with lightening; it would numb the quintessential nexus of your existence to such a threshold; that even the most cannibalistic swords massacring your head would seem to you as a flutter of a seductive eyelash,

Don't mess with symbiotism; it would sodomize the chapters of your harmonious survival in such a way; that traumatic incarceration would become your sole mantra to whimperingly exist,

Don't mess with blood; it would abandon you forever in the gutterpipe of ostracizing deceit; beheading you as a lecherously parasitic alien; although you were its cardinally very own,

And don't mess with love; it would grant you such a diabolical death for betraying and tampering with its insuperably Omnipotent spirit; that life in any form; shape or fraternity; would never ever in even the most obsolete of birth; accept you once again .

2. RATHER THAN BETRAY

It was countless times better to relentlessly stagger in the sweltering heat outside; with the ferociously hedonistic rays of the afternoon Sun making me slaver like a dog on flaming soil,

Rather than betray the irrefutably truthful voice of my conscience; and lie like an unemployed laggard in the caverns of blackened nothingness .

It was countless times better to unflinchingly walk on a platform of acrimoniously pernicious thorns; surrender the nimble soles of my feet to uncouthly uncontrollable bleeding,

Rather than betray the majestically truthful voice of my conscience; and surreptitiously steal onto the sheets of unfathomable luxury; with a nefariously

wicked glint in my eye .

It was countless times better to shiver bare-chested in the ruthlessly annihilating blizzard outside; letting each bone of my body nervously reverberate till times beyond infinite infinity,

Rather than betray the pricelessly truthful voice of my conscience; and indiscriminately force my cumbersome form into someone else's emolliently

hard-earned dwelling .

It was countless times better to be unsparingly excoriated by the demonic sword of the turgidly truculent society; abnegating even the most infinitesimal trace of worldly pleasure forever and ever and ever,

Rather than betray the peerlessly truthful voice of my conscience; and nod my head like a disgracefully dastardly rat to the gutterpipe of flagrant lies .

It was countless times better to scorch to an indescribably ghastly death; letting the chords of my throat scurrilously burn in unbearably agonizing turmoil,

Rather than betray the symbiotically truthful voice of my conscience; and lackadaisically lap at the pool of venomously malicious water in the

treacherously profane enemy camp .

It was a countless times better to lasciviously sell each part of my worthless body; let hideously untamed vultures of cowardly malice rip apart my flesh to their vapid heart's delight,

Rather than betray the bountifully truthful voice of my conscience; and trade my sacrosanct mother for ensuring few breaths of my worthlessly decrepit existence .

It was a countless times better to be buried under fathomless masses of cold-bloodedly slandering rock; find my veritable corpse an infinite feet beneath mud

even as I exhaled air in the pristine prime of my life,

Rather than betray the regally truthful voice of my conscience; and order my impeccable child to carry the load of the corrupt planet; so that I could snore and

pugnaciously survive .

It was a countless times better to deliriously loiter on the streets without a cloth to engulf my rickety form; become the endlessly laughing stock of every single cranny of this limitless globe,

Rather than betray the triumphantly truthful voice of my conscience; and wear the skin of my father like a cannibalistically satanic parasite all my life.

It was a countless times better to metamorphose wholesomely into blind; entirely shut the fangs of my existence to even the most ethereally flickering beam of light,

Rather than betray the eternally truthful voice of my conscience; and keep staring into fecklessly wastrel corpses of nothingness; inspite of being blessed with two brilliantly bright eyes .

It was a countless times better to rot in the mortuaries of unceasingly squelching hell; let the most unsurpassably excruciating torture in the devil's land deteriorate me into a scarecrow of insipid meaninglessness,

Rather than betray the beautifully truthful voice of my conscience; and break the heart of my immortal beloved; for sensuously alien flesh and vituperatively tantalizing raunchiness .

3. WHEN WE HAD FIRST FALLEN IN LOVE

It was irrevocably impossible for me to capture time; as it indefatigably tick-tocked and unstoppably unfurled into profound virility,

But the pricelessly mesmerizing moments when we had first met; would forever remain in my invincible grip; for not only this birth but an infinite more births

even after I veritably died .

It was unsurpassably impossible for me to capture time; at it relentlessly tick-tocked and tirelessly unfurled into magical newness,

But the divinely immaculate moments when we had first flirted around pristinely enchanting foliage; would forever remain in my unassailable grip; for not only

this birth but an infinite more births even after I veritably died .

It was irretrievably impossible for me to capture time; as it intransigently tick tocked and inexhaustibly unfurled into resplendent freshness,

But the tantalizingly blissful moments when we had first stared into each other's eyes; would forever remain in my insuperable grip; for not only this birth but an infinite more births even after I veritably died .

It was imperceptibly impossible for me to capture time; as it intractably tick-tocked and continuously unfurled into inexplicable uncanniness,

But the wonderfully magnetic moments when we had first inhaled the fragrance of our passionate sweat; would forever remain in my undaunted grip; for not only this

birth but an infinite more births even after I veritably died .

It was immutably impossible for me to capture time; as it stubbornly tick-tocked and limitlessly unfurled into brilliantly blessing day and voluptuously star-studded night,

But the majestically vivacious moments when we had first danced in the untamed rain; would forever remain in my intrepid grip; for not only this birth but an

infinite more births even after I veritably died .

It was unbelievably impossible for me to capture time; as it punctiliously tick-tocked and beautifully unfurled into a cistern of unparalleled charisma,

But the stupendously exultating moments when we had first hidden ourselves into clandestine darkness far away from the boundaries of this tyrannically turgid society; would forever remain in my unshakable grip; for not only this birth but an infinite more births even after I veritably died.

It was unfathomably impossible for me to capture time; as it infallibly tick-tocked and unceasingly unfurled into a cloud of inimitably silken enchantment,

But the triumphantly unfettered moments when we had first uninhibitedly announced our relationship to the outside planet; would forever remain in my unbreakable

grip; for not only this birth but an infinite more births even after I veritably died .

It was insurmountably impossible for me to capture time; as it immeasurably tick-tocked and unendingly unfurled into infernos of boundlessly unhindered compassion,

But the surreally sensuous moments when we had first invincibly embraced each other; would forever remain in my peerless grip; for not only this birth but an

infinite more births even after I veritably died .

It was unprecedentedly impossible for me to capture time; as it timelessly tick-tocked and endlessly unfurled into the true spirit of magnificently effulgent existence,

But the impregnably heavenly moments when we had first interlocked our ardent breaths with each other; would forever remain in my unconquerable grip; for not only

this birth but an infinite more births even after I veritably died .

And it was unthinkably impossible for me to capture time; as it intractably tick-tocked and perennially unfurled into the benign goodness of the Omnipotent Lord's divine,

But the immortally untainted moments when we had first fallen into the skies of Omnipresent love; would forever remain in my unalterable grip; for not only this birth but an infinite more births even after I veritably died .

4. TODAY'S THE DAY

Today' the day when I'd felt the most exuberant; galloping unfettered to the ultimate epitomes of success in my diminutively beleaguered life,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most uninhibitedly liberated; floating on the surreally tantalizing belly of cloud nine; for times immemorial,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most impregnably sacred; commensurately coalescing each fragment of my visage and soul with the spirit of the Omnipotent

divine,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most unceasingly fearless; unflinchingly ready to face the mightiest of vindictively satanic maelstroms bare-chested,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most vivaciously resplendent; unrelentingly dancing in the heavens of eternal seduction; without the tiniest trace of treacherous manipulative malice,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most brilliantly eclectic; when everything that I even nimbly caressed; metamorphosing into triumphantly celestial gold,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most unconquerably towering; inimitably looming above every other organism on the trajectory of this fathomlessly unending Universe,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most magnanimously benign; altruistically donating even the last iota of my opulence to whomsoever who inhabited my doorstep; without the slightest of whine,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most exotically sensuous; with every follicle of my skin bathing in currents of unlimited rhapsody; even as the Sun overhead unsparingly blazed to its unprecedented capacity,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most devoutly resolved; coining a whole new chapter of my impoverished existence; for an infinite more births of mine,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most unequivocally egalitarian; ubiquitously embracing every caste; creed; color and race; for them being a symbiotically

quintessential element of living kind,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most tirelessly victorious; even though I'd preposterously staggered in virtually every other aspect of my life,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most magically sensitive; dissipating into a billion bits of untamed beauty; at even the most evanescent trickle of dawn light,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most blessedly harmonious; existing in perfect synergy with my wonderful environment; wholesomely irrespective of my form or finance,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most supremely passionate; igniting unassailably glorious and golden fires even in frigidly blackened streams of stagnating water,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most mellifluously romantic; timelessly humming the tunes of eternally fructifying friendship; even as hedonistically pugnacious battlefields had enshrouded every cranny of mother earth,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most enchantingly placated; as if every speck of my blood and bone could holistically exist without a morsel of food; for centuries unfathomable,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most impeccably pristine; like a new-born child having just evolved out of the womb of my godly mother; and ready to explore the Creator's unhindered Universe afresh; and full of insuperable virility,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most vividly nubile; fervently awaiting like the freshly embellished bride; to be kissed and discovered till even beyond where the

horizons stretched,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most optimally useful; expending every iota of energy entrapped in my demeanor to the service of horrendously besmirched

humanity,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most jubilantly charismatic; radiating an unshakable magnetic aura; which drew even the most diminutive bit of peerless righteousness towards my swirl,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most marvelously humane; gorgeously collapsing to the desires of my mind; body and soul; into an inexhaustible ocean of unbreakable camaraderie,

Today's the day when I'd felt the most astoundingly procreating; proliferating into an unbelievable shades of panoramically unrestricted mischief; spawning varied civilizations of colorful unity; with my very own blood,

And I still profoundly remember that Today's the day when we'd first met several years ago; Today's the day when each beat of our hearts made and meant for each

other had immortally bonded together; Today's the day when we'd stared into each other's eyes as if there was no other earth; paradise and hell that had ever existed; O! Yes; Today's the day when we'd first fallen in perpetual love .

5. ALL I ENDED UP DOING

I went to the tree to get blessed with scrumptiously robust fruit; but after witnessing it already threadbarely barren to the ghastliest of limits; all I ended up doing was giving it the last iota of meal entrapped within the intestines of my stomach,

I went to the clouds to get blessed with resplendently tantalizing rain; but after witnessing them turn a listlessly lackadaisical blue; all I ended up doing was giving them every droplet of compassionate moisture circulating within the whites of my eyes,

I went to mountain to get blessed with indomitably Herculean strength; but after witnessing its peaks crumbling under the impact of nuclear war; all I ended

up doing was giving it every ounce of enthusiasm fulminating in my nimble bones,

I went to the shadow to get blessed with profoundly enamoring mysticism; but after witnessing it torturously slavering without the tiniest of respite; all I ended up doing was giving it every whisper of enthrallment embedded in the pores of my humble

persona,

I went to the beehive to get blessed with insatiably unparalleled boisterousness; but after witnessing it metamorphosed into a grotesquely remorseful corpse; all I ended up doing was giving it every grain of unfettered tanginess in my voice,

I went to the Sun to get blessed with brilliantly insuperable enlightenment; but after witnessing it perfidiously invaded by monstrously demeaning spacecrafts; all I ended up doing was giving it every trace of optimism majestically circulating in each of

my senses,

I went to the meadow to get blessed with uninhibitedly untainted frolic; but after witnessing it rotting in a jungle of concretely heartless commercialism; all I ended up doing was giving it every memory of my impeccably pristine childhood,

I went to the rainbow to get blessed with vibrantly mesmerizing color; but after witnessing it reduced to an amorphous graveyard as the clouds encircled in; all

I ended up doing was giving it every ingredient of happiness effervescently brimming in my veins,

I went to the gorge to get blessed with perpetually blissful silence; but after witnessing it indiscriminately marauded by trumpets of savagely belligerent war; all I ended up doing was giving it every reflection of bliss from the innermost realms of

my soul,

I went to the ocean to get blessed with limitlessly ecstatic froth; but after witnessing it shriveled into an obnoxiously sweltering desert; all I ended up doing was giving it every droplet of priceless blood euphorically gurgling under my skin,

I went to the avalanche to get blessed with astoundingly spell-binding coolness; but after witnessing it melting into rivulets of explicitly warm water; all I ended up doing was giving it every granary of refreshing iciness in my laconic countenance,

I went to the eagle to get blessed with unequivocally regale freedom; but after witnessing it lying saddeningly maimed without its wings; all I ended up doing was giving it every centimeter of liberation encompassing my stride,

I went to the soil to get blessed with unbelievably unceasing virility; but after witnessing it treacherously adulterated by salaciously power-hungry living beings; all I ended up doing was giving it every essence of my timelessly bounteous proliferation,

I went to the rose to get blessed with unlimitedly exotic scent; but after witnessing it gruesomely withered to its ashes in the truculently unsparing storm; all I ended up doing was giving it every irrefutably righteous fragrance of my diminutive existence,

I went to the bonfire to get blessed with compassionately insuperable passion; but after witnessing it dying into wisps of ethereally disconsolate oblivion; all I ended up doing was giving it every milligram of my unfettered raw energy,

I went to the castle to get blessed with inherently celestial royalty; but after witnessing it rattled to worse than the pauper's gutterpipe in the devastating earthquake; all I ended up doing was giving it every trifle of my truncated opulence

I went to the clock to get blessed with stringently scrupulous punctuality; but after witnessing its needles having to come to a lividly hopeless standstill; all I ended up doing was giving it every definition of my honest punctiliousness,

I went to the saint to get blessed with cisterns of philanthropically unflinching righteousness; but after witnessing him entwining hand in hand with the murderously corrupt politicians; all I ended up doing was giving him every bit of selfless truth from the dormitories of my coscience,

And I went to her to get blessed with a sky of immortal love; but seeing that she was pompously rejoicing in someone else's spuriously transient love; all I ended up doing was giving every beat of my unconquerable love to both of them; so that they eternally loved; loved and only loved; and I left for my heavenly abode; to salvage a chance to get her love; if the Creator ever reborn me again; gave me another blessedly beautiful birth .

6. BEWARE

Beware of the light which barbarously blinds; without the most infinitesimal of insinuation or warning; and for times beyond a whole lifetime,

Beware of the sweetness which stealthily poisons; making you irrevocably insensitive to every benign goodness of the Omnipotent Creator divine,

Beware of the silence which unsparingly devastates; uncouthly trouncing you like a pack of frigid matchsticks; when you thought that the entire planet had come to a celestially tranquil rest,

Beware of the silk which mercilessly strangulates; catching you unsuspectingly in the most mellifluously enchanting of your dreams; and as you felt the heavens of sensuality to the most unprecedented limits in your persona,

Beware of the sand which treacherously sinks; burying you an infinite feet beneath your veritable grave; when you thought that you were rolling on paradise;

in uninhibitedly rhapsodic delight,

Beware of the ice which salaciously chokes; making you perilously gasp for every priceless breath; when you thought that the tempestuous ordeal of acrimoniously

sweltering summer had long ended,

Beware of the truth which endlessly burns; irrespective of the fact that you were the only one on the trajectory of the fathomless Universe; unflinchingly galloping on the path of altruistically blazing righteousness,

Beware of the night which satanically dissolves; evaporating you towards the coffins of hell; when you though that unfathomably voluptuous blackness was the only rhythm of your blood,

Beware of the seductress which furtively beheads; indiscriminately pulverizing you for parsimonious wads of sleazy currency; when you thought that you were floating on the ultimate epitome of tantalizing cloud nine,

Beware of the star which truculently stones; engendering you to dream beyond glittering paradise at the outset; and then perfidiously blending you

with inconspicuously belittling ash,

Beware of the dream which salaciously incarcerates; lethally trapping you in dungeons of gory hopelessness; when you thought you were the most blissfully innovative fantasizer on this boundless planet,

Beware of the smile which torturously tears; giving the most triumphantly eternal happiness of your life for just an evanescent instant; and then perpetuating you to horrifically weep for an infinite more lifetimes,

Beware of the power which morosely weakens; manipulatively making you the monarch of the entire world by hook or by crook; and then ruthlessly stripping you of even the most mercurial of your laurel; before limitlessly hanging you from the

cadaverous gallows,

Beware of the diamond which demonically impoverishes; rendering you as the most disastrously orphaned organism on this unceasing earth; even as you had the power to purchase anything on your nimble fingertips,

Beware of the brilliance which abjectly devastates; maliciously metamorphosing your delectably natural treasures; into monstrously mechanized and lifeless scientific invention,

Beware of the clarity which forlornly obfuscates; unveiling such explicitly mortifying facts of life; that transits you in a perpetually dogmatic and inexplicably crucifying haze,

Beware of the soul which wretchedly hollows; extinguishing even the most diminutive trace of your persona forever from the entrenchment of this earth;

when you thought that you had achieved the most invincible state of "Nirvana",

Beware of the breath which baselessly kills; drowning you in a world of endlessly strangulating nothingness; when you thought that your compassionate embrace was

more impregnably interlocked than the walls of blessed paradise,

And beware of the heart which murderously betrays; bestowing upon you a life more ghastly than a countless disparagingly dastardly deaths; when you thought that you were insuperably perched on the scepter of immortally resplendent love .

7. IF YOUR LOVE WAS TRUE

In less than a single fraction of a second; she would come to you from even the most unconquerable epitome of the Herculean and invincibly towering mountain,

In less than a single flicker of your eye; she would come to you from even the most remotest rock bottom of the unfathomably undulating and unimaginably deep sea,

In less than a single yawn of your mouth; she would come to you from even the most obsolete corner of the fathomlessly mighty and impregnably pristine clouds,

In less than a single whisper of your voice; she would come to you from even the most sequestered hole infinite feet beneath lackadaisically dead and treacherously obdurate soil,

O! Yes; if your love was true from the innermost core of your heart; then irrespective of where she was; irrespective of the mightiest of barricade separating the both of you; she would immortally be yours and only yours; in less than an inconspicuous instant,

But if there was even an infinitesimal whimper of betrayal maligning your soul; then keep frenetically searching for her like a maimed dog; but you won't find the tiniest insinuation of her reflection; for your life beyond an infinite more lifetimes .

1 .

In less than a single blush of your cheeks; she would come to you from even the most egregiously silencing and endlessly asphyxiating coffins of ghastly death,

In less than a single flutter of your little finger; she would come to you from even the most treacherously blackened and wholesomely deadened fabric of the ghoulish night,

In less than a single tap of your foot; she would come to you from even the most farthest corner of the limitlessly iridescent and majestically pearly Moon,

In less than a single unfurling of your lips; she would come to you from even the most blazingly indomitable and intransigently fuming inferno's,

O! Yes; if your love was true from the innermost core of your heart; then irrespective of where she was; irrespective of the most acrimonious apocalypses separating the both of you; she would immortally be yours and only yours; in less than an infidel instant,

But if there was even an infinitesimal whimper of betrayal maligning your soul; then keep dogmatically searching for her like a wounded vulture; but you won't find the tiniest insinuation of her reflection; for your life beyond an infinite more lifetimes .

2 .

In less than a single radiation of your brain; she would come to you from even the most unbelievably disappearing and evanescently inane mists of nothingness,

In less than a single snore of your sleep; she would come to you from even the most menacingly unsparing and cold-bloodedly squelching jaws of the indiscriminately massacring lion,

In less than a single desire of your soul; she would come to you from even the most aridly charred corner of the unsurpassably sweltering and boundless desert,

In less than a single swish of your palms; she would come to you from even the most unimaginably resplendent and endlessly fructifying corridors of perpetually priceless paradise,

O! Yes; if your love was true from the innermost core of your heart; then irrespective of where she was; irrespective of the most tyrannically turgid boundaries chaining you; she would immortally be yours and only yours; in less than an inconspicuous instant,

But if there was even an infinitesimal whimper of betrayal maligning your soul; then keep rapaciously searching for her like a worthless skeleton; but you won't find the tiniest insinuation of her reflection; for your life beyond an infinite more lifetimes .

3 .

In less than a single nod of your head; she would come to you from even the most unfathomably stretched ends of inexplicably bizarre and surreally titillating imagination,

In less than a single juggling of your fists; she would come to you from even the most inconceivably inexplicable and abstrusely imperceptible places between heaven and hell,

In less than a single beat of your heart; she would come to you from even the most profoundly incarcerating and impossibly unconquerable wells of solitude,

In less than a single breath of your nostrils; she would come to you from even the most intangibly ethereal and voluptuously tantalizing cringes of the enamoring rainbow,

O! Yes; if your love was true from the innermost core of your heart; then irrespective of where she was; irrespective of the most gorily invidious battlefield between the both of you; she would immortally be yours and only yours; in less than an inconspicuous instant,

But if there was even an infinitesimal whimper of betrayal maligning your soul; then keep baselessly searching for her like a needle in the endless haystack; but you won't find the tiniest insinuation of her reflection; for your life beyond an infinite more lifetimes .

8. THE SIGNATURE OF LOVE

The signature of the unfathomably poignant and wonderfully scarlet rose; was profusely coated with pricelessly heavenly scent,

The signature of the vivaciously foaming and ecstatically swirling ocean; was piquantly coated with spell-bindingly rejuvenating salt,

The signature of the overwhelmingly sprightly and vividly striped zebra; was

fantastically coated with unsurpassably untamed exuberance,

The signature of the majestically proliferating and timelessly endowing soil; was bountifully coated with unconquerably inimitable divinity,

The signature of the capriciously infidel and venomously slavering scorpion; was egregiously coated with brutally sadistic abhorrence,

The signature of the tantalizingly beautiful and voluptuously mollifying

dewdrop; was profoundly coated with limitlessly blessing sensuousness,

The signature of the unbelievably titillating and handsomely crimson clouds; was gloriously coated with magnificently iridescent enchantment,

The signature of the lecherously delinquent and laggardly salacious parasite; was invidiously coated with surreptitiously unceremonious cowardice,

The signature of the ghoulishly morbid and remorsefully lamenting ghost; was

disastrously coated with vindictively feckless malice,

The signature of the indefatigably ticking and irrefutably infallible clock; was perspicaciously coated with blissfully commendable punctuality,

The signature of the lackadaisically pot-bellied and turgidly rolling tortoise; was pathetically coated with nonchalantly wanton laziness,

The signature of the Omnipotently blazing and unassailably amber Sun; was

peerlessly coated with unshakably eternal victory,

The signature of ubiquitously crimson and altruistically cascading blood; was undauntedly coated with harmoniously egalitarian humanity,

The signature of the resplendently immaculate and everlastingly optimistic Moon; was innocuously coated with pristinely pearly milk,

The signature of the uncannily adventurous and timelessly old fossil; was

magnetically coated with inexplicably exhilarating mystery,

The signature of the grotesquely funny and ludicrously bouncing clown; was

euphorically coated with endlessly uproarious laughter,

The signature of the indomitably towering and compassionately sequestering

mountain; was eternally coated with selflessly triumphant strength,

The signature of the blissfully untainted and celestially princely pearl; was tirelessly coated with royally burgeoning prosperity,

The signature of the rhapsodically effulgent and ingeniously crafted new-born brain; was spectacularly coated with holistically innovative evolution,

The signature of the demeaningly blind and hideously crooked bat; was bizarrely coated with perniciously sinister betrayal,

The signature of the unfathomably hollow and thunderously reverberating gorge; was ingratiatingly coated with tremendously unlimited mysticism,

The signature of the ferociously roaring and unnervingly sauntering lion; was irrevocably coated with boundlessly unfettered superiority,

The signature of the effusively vibrant and eclectically artistic eye; was obeisantly coated with convivially heart-rendering empathy,

The signature of unprecedentedly delirious and intransigently destructive mania; was barbarously coated with unsparingly asphyxiating depression,

The signature of the blazingly truthful and relentlessly marching warrior; was marvelously coated with magically Spartan fearlessness,

The signature of unconquerably unique and blessedly devout righteousness; was perpetually coated with fathomlessly endowing paradise,

The signature of uncouthly sweltering and miserably scorching desert; was acridly coated with raunchily pulverizing ruthlessness,

And the signature of immortally insuperable and royally emollient love; was

forever and ever and ever coated with amazingly sprouting life .

9. EVERYWHERE

There were an infinite places on this colossal earth where you could place the uninhibited smile; but it looked the most celestially nicest; only on the periphery of the philanthropically robust lips,

There were an infinite places on this gigantic earth where you could place the brilliant light; but it looked the most invincibly nicest; only on the Omnipotent persona of

the blazingly unparalleled Sun,

There were an infinite places on this fathomless earth where you could place the newborn infant; but it looked the most impeccably nicest; only in the lap

of unconquerably divine mother,

There were an infinite places on this limitless earth where you could place the pristine dewdrop; but it looked the most spellbindingly nicest; only on the tantalizingly burgeoning blade of the voluptuously whispering grass,

There were an infinite places on this boundless earth where you could place the boisterous bee; but she looked the most immaculately nicest; only in the majestically compassionate and catacombed hive,

There were an infinite places on this unceasing earth where you could place the ravishing clouds; but they looked the most seductively nicest; only on the belly

of the endlessly bestowing sky,

There were an infinite places on this tireless earth where you could place the inimitably priceless diamond; but it looked the most regally nicest; only in the necklace of the timelessly effulgent queen,

There were an infinite places on this unsurpassable earth where you could place the brilliant peak; but it looked the most unassailably nicest; only on the indomitably thundering mountain,

There were an infinite places on this resplendent earth where you could place the poignant pinch of salt; but it looked the most triumphantly nicest; only on the magnetic swirl of the intrepidly undulating wave,

There were an infinite places on this palatial earth where you could place the exhilarating wind; but it looked the most ebulliently nicest; only on the jacket

of the enthrallingly chocolate brown lungs,

There were an infinite places on this uninterrupted earth where you could place the humanitarian blood; but it looked the most blessedly nicest; only in the unfathomably intriguing labyrinth of quintessential veins,

There were an infinite places on this undefeated earth where you could place the idol of synergistic truth; but it looked the most charismatically nicest; only in the realms of the unflinchingly righteous and peerless conscience,

There were an infinite places on this benign earth where you could place the granule of sand; but it looked the most handsomely nicest; only in the cradle of

the astronomically glistening desert,

There were an infinite places on this perpetual earth where you could place unadulterated curd; but it looked the most Omnisciently nicest; only in the

symbiotically truthful palms of the euphorically frolicking child,

There were an infinite places on this fecund earth where you could place the uncontrollably reverberating lion; but it looked the most unshakably nicest; only

in the arms of the inscrutably bountiful and unrestrictedly mellifluous forest,

There were an infinite places on this rhapsodic earth where you could place never-dying patriotism; but it looked the most insurmountably nicest; only on the chest of the perennially loyal and fearless soldier,

There were an infinite places on this consecrated earth where you could place the flirtatious twinkle; but it looked the most unquestionably nicest; only on the persona of the enchantingly vibrant star,

There were an infinite places on this harmonious earth where you could place the pearls of wisdom; but they looked the most sacredly nicest; only on the harbingers of wonderfully united humanity,

There were an infinite places on this mysterious earth where you could place inevitable re-incarnation; but it looked the most eternally nicest; only on the

holistic substance of the miraculously ameliorating soul,

There were an infinite places on this sparkling earth where you could place the Spartan stone; but it looked the most marvelously nicest; only on the bed of

the merrily bubbling brook,

There were an infinite places on this Herculean earth where you could place the lines of the destiny; but they looked the most meaningfully nicest; only on the intrinsic folds of the unabashedly satiny palm,

There were an infinite places on this redolent earth where you could place the iridescently wondrous feathers; but they looked the most fruitfully nicest; only on the skeleton of the unequivocally soaring bird,

On the contrary there were more than an infinite places on this unbelievable earth where you could place the breeze of eternal love; and it still looked the most immortally nicest; wherever you placed it; for whatever duration you placed it; for whomsoever you placed it; if only you placed it from the innermost realms of

your truthfully passionate heart .

10. AM I UNFORGIVINGLY UNJUST ?

Am I uncouthly unjust in asking the Omnipotently golden Sun; to grant me a

just a single of its optimistic ray; that would brilliantly illuminate the chapters of my dolorously decaying life ?

Am I brutally unjust in asking the fathomlessly frosty ocean; to grant me just a single of its poignantly tangy wave; that would enchantingly rejuvenate my hedonistically tyrannized and monotonously prejudiced senses ?

Am I acrimoniously unjust in asking the impregnably boundless mountain; to

grant me just a single of its compassionate cave; that would enable me to

sequester my uncontrollably slavering form; from the cold-bloodedly freezing

night ?

Am I ominously unjust in asking the mystically limitless forest; to grant me

just a single of its tantalizingly voluptuous whisper; that would wholesomely liberate me from my apocalypses of lividly dastardly nervousness ?

Am I truculently unjust in asking the astoundingly vivacious rainbow; to grant me just a single of its effulgently glistening band; that would blissfully embellish my disastrously stagnated life with unstoppably unparalleled enlightenment ?

Am I horrifically unjust in asking the ebulliently victorious rose; to grant me just a single pinch of its blessedly charismatic fragrance; that would drift me far away from the world of abominably fretful sin; into a heaven of unshakably silken togetherness ?

Am I preposterously unjust in asking the torrentially showering clouds; to grant me just a single droplet of celestially mollifying rain; that would perennially placate the intransigently sadistic scorching in the realms of my impoverished throat ?

Am I murderously unjust in asking the unbelievably mellifluous nightingale; to grant me just a single of its eternally symbiotic tune; that would splendidly ameliorate me from my corpses of treacherous desperation; to benevolently blossom in my truncated life ?

Am I turgidly unjust in asking the majestically unsurpassable Moon; to grant me just a single of its marvelously pearly beam; that would handsomely engulf my every parasitically beleaguered night with caverns of jubilant ecstasy ?

Am I scurrilously unjust in asking the gigantically unceasing atmosphere; to

grant me just a single of its exuberantly effervescent wind; that would make me devotedly gallop towards the aisles of uninhibitedly regale freedom ?

Am I unfathomably unjust in asking the tirelessly pristine waterfalls; to grant me just a single of their magically sensuous stream; that would amazingly metamorphose even the most infinitesimal bit of abhorrence in my blood into a paradise of symbiotically everlasting freshness ?

Am I salaciously unjust in asking the inexhaustibly effervescent ensemble of soil; to grant just a single of its truthfully sacred particle; that would immortalize the egregiously corrupt fabric of my existence with a sky of Omnipresent righteousness ?

Am I flagrantly unjust in asking the boundlessly untainted meadow; to grant me just a single whisker of its gloriously unequivocal frolic; that would transit my manipulatively decrepit countenance into realms of impeccably princely childhood ?

Am I heinously unjust in asking the timelessly unflinching battlefield; to grant me just a single iota of its peerlessly invincible patriotism; that would instill in me the fortitude to face the ignominiously diabolical and bad ?

Am I lividly unjust in asking the fruits of perpetual Mother Nature; to grant me just a single trifle of their burgeoning enthusiasm; that would forever squelch the insect of dastardly laggardness in every despicably evaporating bone of my silhouette ?

Am I indiscriminately unjust in asking the supremely venerated cow; to grant me just a single cuplet of its miraculously fructifying milk; that would embody in my frenetically extinguishing form; the Herculean tenacity to stand unperturbed even in the most devilishly unsparing of maelstroms?

Am I venomously unjust in asking the unendingly emollient festoon of air; to

grant me just a single puff of its quintessentially vital exhilaration; that would transform me from a cadaverously ostracizing mortuary into a breath of victoriously exultating life ?

Am I invidiously unjust in asking the Omnisciently Almighty Lord; to grant me just a single chance of his paradise of infinite chances; which would provide me an opportunity to disseminate benign goodness till the very end of my time; and thus reverse every of my inadvertently committed sin ?

And am I unforgivingly unjust in asking the countless billion rhythms of your unassailable heart O! Beloved; to grant me just a single immortal beat; that would coalesce me forever and forever and ever with the religion of unbreakable humanity; that would make me feel forever and ever and ever the most pricelessly gifted organism alive ?

11. IF YOU DARE TO DREAM

If you dare to dream of catapulting to the unfathomable epitome of the mountain barefoot; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of a disastrously stumbling fall,

If you dare to dream of unflinchingly conquering the most thunderously roaring waves of the tumultuously stormy sea; then be also wholesomely prepared for

every tangible and intangible likelihood of drowning to the threadbare rock bottom,

If you dare to dream of eternally radiating the essence of impregnable truth; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of more than a billion lies truculently asphyxiating you,

If you dare to dream of indefatigably traversing fathomless kilometers on soil; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of belligerently ballistic thorns; perniciously permeating you at your every stride,

If you dare to dream of evolving a civilization of undefeatable newness every unfurling minute of your existence; then be also wholesomely prepared for every

tangible and intangible likelihood of treacherously maligned exhaustion sapping every ingredient of temerity in your brain,

If you dare to dream of unequivocally uniting the entire planet in the religion of ubiquitously symbiotic humanity; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of indiscriminately massacring fanaticism salaciously impeding you left; right and center,

If you dare to dream of entirely dedicating every unveiling instant of your life to inexhaustibly writing spell-binding poetry; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of pragmatically explicit reality orphaning you for the remainder of your life,

If you dare to dream of merrily frolicking in majestic white lightening; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of being scorched to threadbarely inane particles of obsolete dust,

If you dare to dream of fearlessly living in the mortuary yard all alone and bare-chested; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of sadistically sardonic ghosts imperiling your progress every now and again,

If you dare to dream of royally marching on the trajectory of the blazingly Golden Sun; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible

likelihood of being unsparingly burnt to the very last bone of your nimble spine,

If you dare to dream of incessantly singing like the triumphantly mellifluous nightingale; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible

likelihood of being viciously attacked by the discordantly croaking owls and frogs,

If you dare to dream of peerlessly existing an infinite feet beneath hard ground; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of facing the onslaught of horrendously maiming blackness and indescribably ignominious gloom,

If you dare to dream of singlehandedly brandishing your sword towards victory in the unsurpassably menacing battlefield; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of flagrantly castrated defeat staring right into the

whites of your eye,

If you dare to dream of metamorphosing every bit of impoverishedly dying desert into lush green meadows of perennially unparalleled happiness; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of licentiously slippery sand sinking you down towards your grave,

If you dare to dream of sketching everything on this colossal Universe till the end of your time; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of tears of untamed agony; welling ferociously up the dormitories of your soul,

If you dare to dream of relentlessly meditating the hymns of everlasting symbiotism every cascading breath of your life; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of libidinous diabolism sporadically perpetuating your mind and soul,

If you dare to dream of being the most righteously wealthiest organism on this boundless earth; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of dastardly prejudiced corruption crucifying you to the goriest thresholds of hell,

If you dare to dream of unstoppably marching towards the peaks of invincibly benign success; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of raunchily incarcerating sleep intermittently obfuscating your senses and eyes,

And if you dare to dream of timelessly falling in pricelessly perpetual love; then be also wholesomely prepared for every tangible and intangible likelihood of lasciviously sodomizing betrayal; hurling you right back to the very point you had compassionately kissed and started .

12. THE LANGUAGE OF MY HEART

The language of my lips was uninhibited happiness; compassionately nibbling every element of rhapsodic goodness; that euphorically swam in the panoramic atmosphere,

The language of my eyes was unceasing empathy; a perennially untainted desire to amalgamate my impoverished being; with every conceivable fraternity of living society,

The language of my chin was endless mischief; eternally frolicking with countless nubile maidens on the pristine sea shores; enlightening even the most inane iota of morbid gloom in the atmosphere,

The language of my cheeks was tantalizingly embarrassed euphoria; erupting

into a fathomless gallery of nimble goose-bumps; as when the ebulliently fantastic winds of unadulterated autumn gushed in upon the freshly embellished bride,

The language of my shoulders was altruistic philanthropism; tirelessly hoisting my fellow comrades in inclement distress; towards the paradise of their very own choice,

The language of my fingers was untamed artistry; insatiably evolving a glorious civilization of panoramic beauty; out of inconspicuously threadbare wilderness,

The language of my armpits was emolliently hard earned perspiration; the feeling of unsurpassably mollifying contentment of having relentlessly strived forward to blissfully conserve my diminutive existence,

The language of my feet was timelessly inexhaustible adventure; tirelessly philandering upon even the most evanescent cranny of god's wonderfully enchanting creation,

The language of my stomach was inevitably symbiotic hunger; marvelously replenishing the egregiously tyrannized intestines inside; with the bounteously scrumptious fruits of eternal mother nature,

The language of my brain was fathomlessly never-ending fantasy; with not the

slightest bit of jejunely treacherous monotony daring to perpetuate it for times immemorial,

The language of my bones was unflinchingly blazing patriotism; expending the

last ounce of energy trapped within them to the service of their limitlessly

sacrosanct motherland,

The language of my shadow was satiny sensuousness; tantalizing even the most

parasitically alien into an unending whirlpool of astoundingly invincible ecstasy,

The language of my palms was unavoidably unraveling destiny; transcending above every aspect of my incessant struggle for propitiously mesmerizing existence,

The language of my eyelashes was mischievously flirtatious winking; rejoicing the unassailably divine moments of newborn infanthood; even when I had nurtured into perilous greyness of complete manhood,

The language of my blood was pricelessly impregnable humanity; celestially

coalescing with every construable element of living kind; for an infinite more

births yet of mine,

The language of my throat was synergistic melody; tranquilly inundating every lugubriously nonchalant particle of the atmosphere; with the undefeatable chorus of uninhibitedly united brotherhood,

The language of my persona was amazing procreation; endeavoring my very best

in continuing god's chapter of venerated evolution; till the absolutely irrevocable

end of my breath,

The language of my conscience was irrefutably unshakable truth; perpetually

traversing on the path of egalitarian silken righteousness; even as holocausts of hell viciously stabbed the soil of earth,

The language of my nostrils was quintessentially life-yielding breath; compassionately embracing every living organism in whirlpools of vivaciously beautiful desire,

And the language of my heart was immortally Omnipotent love; forever and ever and ever bonding with the beats of my unconquerable beloved; till centuries unprecedented even after my this birth and the destined corpse of my death .

13. DOESN'T STOP YOU

Just because you weren't able to unassailably transcend beyond the epitome of the brilliantly flaming Sun; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast euphorically feasting in the mystically frolicking beam of light; outside your terrestrially bucolic bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to handsomely sail on the trajectory of the rhapsodically turbulent sea's; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast mischievously splashing in the resplendently shimmering oasis; outside your terrestrially holistic bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to triumphantly catapult to the most unfathomable apogee of Everest; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast merrily philandering on the ebulliently rain-soaked meadow; outside your terrestrially simplistic bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to inimitably memorize every ounce of sacred literature on this fathomless planet; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast deciphering the randomly motley elements of benign goodness; outside your terrestrially altruistic bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to majestically over-topple even the most ethereal iota of evil from the trajectory of this boundlessly burgeoning planet; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast unsparingly pulverizing each salaciously blood-sucking parasite; outside your terrestrially diminutive bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to unconquerably disseminate the essence of perennially blessing truth to the farthest corner of the Universe; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast perpetuating the heaven of unflinching righteousness into every dastardly beleaguered soul; outside your terrestrially mercurial bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to aristocratically liberate the entire emolliently effulgent earth from the clutches of diabolical slavery; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast wonderfully ameliorating the haplessly tyrannized and gruesomely crying; outside your terrestrially inconspicuous bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to unshakably coalesce the tirelessly proliferating earth in the religion of humanity; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast compassionately embracing every fraternity of religion alike; outside your terrestrially insignificant bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to inexhaustibly run faster than the speed of electric white lightening; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast selflessly transporting every single destitute orphan to the destination of its choice; outside your terrestrially evanescent bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to perpetually embed your footsteps on the paradise of unlimited happiness; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast igniting an uninhibitedly wholehearted smile on the faces of all those unfortunately emaciating; outside your terrestrially tiny bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to undauntedly surpass the richest on this endlessly augmenting Universe; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast symbiotically assimilating the priceless treasures of mother nature; outside your terrestrially clandestine bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to be an astoundingly unparalleled exemplary in every conceivable facet of life; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast diffusing the uniqueness of your blessed creation to every venomously extinguishing; outside your terrestrially cloistered bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to royally chew indomitable rocks of steel; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast mollifying the unsurpassably famished intestines of your stomach with the fruits of divine nature; outside your terrestrially obfuscated bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to pass charismatically unscathed through the most unfathomably blistering of fires; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast blissfully uplifting despairingly terrorized civilization; outside your terrestrially subjugated bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to sight the unbelievably everlasting wonders of this limitless Universe; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast convivially enlightening all those despondently blind; outside your terrestrially sandwiched window .

Just because you weren't able to magnetically spell bound the indefatigably blossoming planet with the power of your voice; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast timelessly singing for all those inevitably nearing their corpse; outside your terrestrially robotic bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to become the most invincibly towering entity on this mystically sacrosanct earth; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast benevolently protecting the rights of all those hedonistically divested; outside your terrestrially slavering bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to peerlessly write the destiny of this unlimitedly redolent globe; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast sagaciously educating all those treacherously illiterate; outside your terrestrially cornered bedroom window .

Just because you weren't able to unrestrictedly lead an infinite more lives; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast exhaling a single unabashedly humanitarian breath; outside your terrestrially fugitive bedroom window .

And just because you weren't able to impregnably acquire every speck of love on this fragrantly jubilant Universe; in your very first go,

Doesn't stop you from atleast immortally bonding the beats of your heart with a single truthfully vibrant girl; outside your terrestrially small bedroom window

14. NO TRAINING

Train your mind in such a way; that whenever it fantasized; it was only a river of altruistically ameliorating goodness; effulgently basking in the amazingly panoramic colors of living kind,

Train your hands in such a way; that whenever they rose; it was only for invincibly defending every fraternity of humanity; and even after they sunk an infinite feet beneath their morbid graves,

Train your lips in such a way; that whenever they handsomely stretched; it was only for disseminating a wave of eternally fructifying happiness; in every dolorously usurped ingredient of the tyrannized atmosphere,

Train your feet in such a way; that whenever they traversed; it was only for pulverizing even the most infinitesimal trace of parasitic diabolism; with the

scepter of blazingly unparalleled righteousness,

Train your stomach in such a way; that whenever it growled; it was only for consuming the propitiously plentiful fruits of everlastingly proliferating mother

nature; without shedding a droplet of cannibalistically macabre blood,

Train your eyes in such a way; that whenever they opened; it was only for sighting God's incredulously eclectic beauty of creation; gregariously empathizing with every symbiotically breathing living being; celestially alike,

Train your fingers in such a way; that whenever they wrote; it was only the message or irrefutably unconquerable truth; the message of priceless togetherness which touched the hearts of one and all alike,

Train your tongue in such a way; that whenever it unfurled; it was only for singing in holistic synergy with the countless tunes of the timelessly blessing atmosphere; mollifying even the most traumatized of agony with unbelievably ecstatic melody,

Train your shoulders in such a way; that whenever they hoisted; it was only for mitigating boundless devastated urchins from the corpses of hedonistic slavery; to the paradise of compassionately unceasing oneness,

Train your conscience in such a way; that whenever it whispered; it was only for immortalizing the heaven of truth; without the tiniest innuendo of devilishly

decrepit guilt,

Train your eyelashes in such a way; that whenever they winked; it was only for cavorting with their innocuously pristine counterparts; in perfect tandem

with the vivaciously shimmering rays of the Omnipotently orange Sun,

Train your shadow in such a way; that whenever it wafted; it was only for providing unsurpassably bounteous reprieve to the drearily lambasted traveler; for magically restoring the equanimity of lugubriously estranged mankind,

Train your eyebrows in such a way; that whenever they danced; it was only for profoundly enlightening several besieged with gorily cancerous disease; amuse

the tawdrily fretting corridors of monotony to the most unprecedented limits,

Train your ears in such a way; that whenever they sprang; it was only for imbibing the tunes of brilliantly victorious unity; synergistically assimilating every speck of coalescing consanguinity on this earth around,

Train your bones in such a way; that whenever they itched; it was only for endlessly preserving the majestically unfathomable treasures of Lord's creation; for bonding into a mountain of insuperably philanthropic friendship,

Train your soul in such a way; that whenever it yearned; it was only for being insurmountably magnetized by the exhilaration of sacrosanct existence; culminating into a wind of eternal freshness even after veritable death,

Train your throat in such a way; that whenever it wailed; it was only for beautifully slurping the mists of tantalizing sensuousness; which would keep it magnificently young even as its burial in the dastardly grave,

Train your nostrils in such a way; that whenever they exhaled; it was only for perpetuating a sky of unflinchingly patriotic camaraderie; in every speck of

ghastily barren space on this lecherously deteriorating globe,

But leave the emollient beats of your passionate heart perpetually free; for if you trained them they would learn to manipulate and cheat; while freedom would

allow them to spread love; love and only immortal love; as fathomlessly as the Creator had created them to be

15. ITS ALL THERE IN YOUR HEART

Something as sweet as hot chocolate; delectable crusts of cherry pudding strewn bountifully on shoots of fresh green grass,

Something as mystical as the densely foliated jungles; wild outgrowths of rampant creepers scintillating under the tenacious beams of pearly moonlight,

Something as gentle as the cascading waterfall; bursting into a billion droplets of tantalizing froth after nimbly clashing against the cold chain of rocks,

Something as turbulent as the fulminating volcano; sprouting into infinite shades of emerald light,

Wait! Wait! Wait!. You don't have to visit heaven for all that; for believe me; its all there neatly trapped in your heart!

Something as soft as pure velvet strings dangling merrily in the air; a couch embedded profusely with mesmerizing fluff,

Something as tangy as vivacious ocean salt; the poignant granules of silver sands found in abundance on the silken shores,

Something as opulent as the entire dungeon inundated with shimmering pearls; radiating austerely in the eerie blanket of darkness,

Something as flamboyant as the blistering Sun; blazing its way ferociously through the dolorous doom hovering in every remotely obsolete corner of the earth,

Wait! Wait! Wait! You don't have to visit heaven for all that; for believe me; its all there passionately wandering in your heart!

Something as colorful as the resplendent rainbow; casting its astoundingly spell binding spell in the colossal sky,

Something as animatedly boisterous as pelting globules of rain; thunderclouds in space engulfed with streaks of crimson lightening,

Something as effusive as a river of sparkling tears gushing down rubicund cheek; basking in the glory of inner most emotions encompassing nostalgic childhood,

Something as invincible as the wall of immortal love; perpetually safe against any hostile attack ever conceivable in this world,

Wait! Wait! Wait! You don't have to visit heaven for all that; for believe me; its all there swelling cyclonically in your heart!

Something faster than the speed of light; traversing across the globe like infinite bullets whizzing past at a time,

Something more seductive than the most ravishing of fruit; more delicious crusts of honey to gulp and consume,

Something as aromatic as the scarletly robust rose; profusely disseminating its scent with overwhelming equanimity in the dolorously dull wind drifting around,

Something larger than any dimension; richer than any individual; stronger than any evil towering till the cosmos; as sacred as God who evolved the first human;

unsolicitedly harboring all the love that was ever prevalent in this Universe,

Wait! Wait! Wait! You don't have to visit heaven for all that; for believe me; its all there naturally and blissfully proliferating every second in your heart!

16. LETS LOVE EACH OTHER

Lets pay a deaf ear to the monotonous society; sing and dance in the aisles of incomprehensible desire,

Lets clamber up the remote hills entirely sequestered from this world; taste the fruits of nature with untamed relish,

Lets swim uninhibitedly in the swirling oceans abreast the dolphins; shrugging off all norms of this mercenary planet,

Lets clear a path of our own through the dense forests; bid adieu forever to this pompously civilized society,

Lets roll in the slippery mud with rampant frenzy; bond our hearts for centuries unfathomable; oblivious from the beats of this spurious township,

Lets speak to our hearts content in the most thunderous of our rustic voices; not perturbed the slightest by the globe's sanctimoniously sophisticated sounds,

Lets gallivant like dreamy philanderers through the glamorous farm fields; leaving the vain adornment and bombastic décor of the city entirely to its own,

Lets stare at each other for hours immemorial; not floundering the tiniest by manipulative citizens collecting currency coins below,

Lets sob effusively in the realms of unsurpassable ecstasy; sharing our joy and wholesomely untouched by the orthodox bickering of this narrow minded society,

Lets perpetually entwine our fingers with each other; stand audaciously to confront the most mightiest challenge of dispersed humanity,

Lets kiss passionately till times greater than infinity; as the conventional world looked dumbfounded and abused us for violating their baseless string of hollow ethics,

Lets stay awake all night admiring the resplendent blanket of stars with our breaths descending compassionately on each other; and the society fast asleep adhering to its worthless set of norms,

Lets keep tirelessly laughing till our jaws ached; enjoying each moment of life bestowed upon us by Almighty lord; while the world outside frantically searched for more avenues of growth and greedy popularity,

Lets walk on our heads upside down relishing the cool air wildly slap past our naked chests; far apart from the society which thought boundless times; even before

walking on solid foot,

Lets tear apart food with our immaculate fingers; sip water from the springs with rejuvenated gusto; while the world outside wasted countless hours; lost in a myriad of shimmering forks and spoons,

Lets splash our bodies with garishly striped gypsy paint; while the society sighed in exasperation to find the pretentious cotton of their choice,

Lets suckle our thumbs like new born infants; nostalgically reminiscing memories of our innocent childhood; while the world whispered drearily trying to incessantly replicate Royal tunes,

Lets perch like the boisterous sparrows on escalating treetops; profoundly fantasize about the creation of this mesmerizing Universe; while the society glued itself to insurmountably boring politics on giant television,

Lets sleep by the river side with the waves gently lapping to our toes; while the world stuffed itself under an armory of sheep skin and obnoxiously bulky quilts,

Most importantly lets love each other; locked immortally in the boundaries of invincible romance; no matter what the extraneous world said or did; no matter how brutally we were whipped for not following rules of the society; no matter how pathetically the entire planet ended with man gobbling man on the pretext of religion and entity .

17. HER SLAVE, HER ADMIRER, HER LOVER

Although I hoisted my hands to emboss the scriptures of tomorrow; incorrigibly taking a pledge to pen down all the mesmerizing beauty of this Universe,

However all I ended up doing was; inundating infinite sheets of paper with her irrefutably sacrosanct name .

Although I opened my lips to sing the most enchanting song on this planet; emulate the mesmerizing nightingale to evolve a river of melodious tunes,

However all I ended up doing was; chanting her virtues till times immemorial; falling in an unrelenting reverie on the ground; with volcano's of her voluptuous grace fulminating at the back of my mind .

Although I pulled my eyes open to wander in boundless directions in this world; explore the most enigmatically swirling fantasies rising handsomely towards the sky,

However all I ended up doing was; riveting them on her dwelling; profusely admiring her sleeping like an celestially innocuous angel under the blanket of resplendently twinkling stars .

Although I opened my mouth to relish the festoon of succulent cherries strewn majestically in the fields; languish in the aisles of untamed desire; after

sipping sparkling stream water,

However all I ended up doing was; chewing my own fingers in profuse anticipation; as I anxiously waited for her stupendously royal shadow to sweep past the

contours of my face .

Although I alighted my foot from domains of insurmountable laziness; to trespass through each cranny of this fathomless globe; lead my life to most excitingly unprecedented limits,

However all I ended up doing was; incessantly circle around her house all night and day; trying my best to annihilate even the slightest insinuation of evil lingering in vicinity .

Although I unleashed my ears to hear the fathomless myriad of sounds hovering nimbly in the atmosphere; decipher the intriguing puzzles of mother nature,

However all I ended up doing was; target all my senses profoundly to the cadence of her voice; wholesomely dedicate each birth of mine to every word she uttered .

Although I unveiled my mind to tackle the most mystical battles offered by pragmatic life; coin solutions to the inexorably inexplicable problems loitering around,

However all I ended up doing was; dreaming about her euphorically boisterous countenance till decades unfathomable; entwine myself in mind; body and soul

with her immortal spirit .

Although I ripped apart my heart; trying to share all its philanthropic goodness with each organism created in harmonious unison by the Almighty Creator,

However all I ended up doing was; incarcerate her divinely image in for times beyond existence in each of its thunderous beat .

And although I unfurled my breath in passionate exultation to lead each instant of destined life; persevere to the most astronomical heights; to achieve the ambitions of my holistic survival,

However all I ended up doing was; surrendering in wholesome entirety to her impeccably heavenly feet; remaining her slave; her admirer; her lover; for countless more births yet to come .

18. BORN ONLY TO

Both of us were born only to play with each other, uninhibitedly philander in the aisles of timeless beauty and insatiable desire; behind the honey soaked meadows of the eternal hills,

Both of us were born only to discover each other; unrelentingly bond ourselves in the mists of untamed sensuousness; as tumblers of torrentially golden rain pelted mystically from the fathomless sky,

Both of us were born only to caress each other; intransigently envelop our nimbly shivering bodies with the winds of perennially augmenting passion; seductively arouse the most morbidly deadened pores of my crimson skin,

Both of us were born only to admire each other; stoop down in due adulation of God's most ravishingly blessed creation; perpetually surging ahead in life under the carpet of golden sunshine,

Both of us were born only to share with each other; amicably exploring all the versatility hidden in our benign souls; ubiquitously disseminating the same to even the most obliviously remote corner of this gigantic Universe,

Both of us were born only to wink at each other; mischievously reminisce the most gloriously cherished memories of our blissful childhood; timelessly gallivant through the aisles of innocently unlimited fantasy,

Both of us were born only to surge forward with each other; triumphantly conquer every obstacle that came our way; to escalate to the summits of philanthropically benevolent success,

Both of us were born only to feed each other; synergistically replenishing our diminutive conscience's; with the fruits of irrefutable truth and heavenly timelessness,

Both of us were born only to support each other; impregnably unite in the waves of unassailable solidarity; to scrap even the tiniest trace of invidiously evil from the trajectory of this fathomless earth,

Both of us were born only to inspire each other; spawn a civilization of celestial goodness on every step that we tread; diffuse our unsurpassable repertoire of

humanity; to all those disparagingly depraved of jubilant happiness,

Both of us were born only to glorify each other; weave an entrenchment of exotically voluptuous beauty; on even the most infinitesimally disappearing speck of solitude; that confronted us in our ebullient way,

Both of us were born only to defend each other; stand as an invincibly towering fortress in the face of even the most devastatingly crippling disaster; to sequester all innocent humanity from the hands of the vicious devil,

Both of us were born only to listen to each other; bask full throttle in the glory of melodiously enchanting sound; innocuously assimilate even the most minutest cadence of euphoria; from the ingratiatingly Omnipotent atmosphere,

Both of us were born only to embrace each other; interlock our bodies in the sacrosanct swirl of unending passion; to spawn a freshly optimistic tomorrow; with our very own scarlet blood,

Both of us were born only to stare at each other; marvelously decipher the infinite labyrinths of seductive enthrallment; that sprouted bloomingly from the inner most arenas of our heart and soul,

Both of us were born only to kiss each other; perennially intermingle our lips in the handsome fire of an everlasting relationship; profuse devour the sweetness of beautifully resplendent creation,

Both of us were born only to fantasize of each other; unfathomably perceiving the most exotically enamoring ingredients of blessed creation; transpiring the world

to coalesce forever; into the religion of priceless humanity,

Both of us were born only to breathe with each other; majestically exhaling and inhaling ecstatic air together; to humbly proliferate a sea of humanitarian empathy; on every quarter of the globe besieged with tyrannically uncouth commercialism,

And both of us were born only to love each other; immortally bond the beats of our tirelessly beating hearts in the winds of unshakable passion and enigma; till the last moment we lived; and infinite more births yet to come .

19. WITHOUT MY BELOVED

Every wall of this house stabbed me like a million scorpions; venomously crippling each fountain of my exquisitely bountiful thought,

Every stair of this house made me stagger like a boundless matchsticks; uncouthly pulverizing me at every step; for ostensibly no fault of mine,

Every nail of this house pierced me brutally like the corridors of hell; unrelentingly permeating deeper and deeper into my satiny flesh; playing a sadistically gory game with my disastrously wailing nerves,

Every space of this house devilishly stared at me for times immemorial; savagely lambasting every cranny of my drearily wasting persona; with remorsefully satanic

morbidity,

Every picture of this house thrashed me unsparingly like a salaciously ghoulish ghost; vindictively scaring even the most infinitesimal wisps of daylight; from every bone

of my shivering countenance,

Every web of this house gruesomely diseased me; lethally incarcerating even the most blissful of my energies; in a corpse of forlorn oblivion and nothingness,

Every window of this house abhorrently spewed shards of vengeful glass into my eyes; profusely staining even the most inconspicuous element of my persona; with unfathomable oceans of savage blood,

Every mirror of this house reflected a billion witches to me; ghastily inundating my impeccable soul with the; traumatically tyrannized cry of the insidious devil,

Every dust particle of this house lecherously tainted my visage forever; ominously drowning each speck of benign goodness embedded in my conscience; in the

sea of coldblooded murder,

Every droplet of water in this house demonically blinded my eyes; metamorphosed me into a pool of sardonically fulminating acid; the very instant that I consumed even a fraction of it,

Every dungeon of this house barbarically imprisoned me for countless more births to unveil; murderously slashing my wrists and fingers; of their magnificently spell binding artistry,

Every tap of this house barked a volley of incoherently mortifying abuse at my righteous flesh; incessantly drifting me towards the world of bawdy raunchiness; a prison of preposterously empty skeletons and parasitic mice,

Every brick of this house horrendously squelched my innocent toes; viciously raining like a thunderbolt of endless anguish upon my senses; on every step that I trespassed ahead,

Every watch of this house vengefully threatened me with its deafening sound; as its series of tick-tocks devilishly augmented by the unfurling minute; to acridly blast even the most sensitively immaculate arenas of my eardrums,

Every curtain of this house perniciously asphyxiated me in the heart of the precariously ungainly midnight; choking even the remotest traces of humility from my

demeanor; to eventually sleep with the naked crabs,

Every echo of this house indiscriminately stripped me of all my robust flesh; feasting on my gorily barren skeleton; with its teeth of dolorously debilitating doom,

Every rail of this house perennially whipped me on my silken backside; tormenting even the most holistic ingredients in my blood; to ultimately surrender to the commands of the lecherously gleaming devil,

Every thread of this house slit my throat into a countless strands of mangled flesh and bone; even before I could utter my last prayer; whisper the slightest of passionate sound,

Every currency coin in this house slit me apart into an infinite pieces of worthless shit; making it hard for the commoner to discern; between my grotesque carcass and the meat of the stinking pigs,

And believe me; this was the same house in which I had lived all my life like a priceless prince innocuously blending my soul with God and the panoramic winds of

Mother nature; while today the same haunted me worse than my veritable corpse; as it lay empty without my beloved .

20. THERE WAS NO GREATER SLAVE

There was no greater slave of your piquantly mesmerizing eyes; than my impoverished eyeballs; unrelentingly seeking your poignantly charismatic and

compassionate stares,

There was no greater slave of your voluptuously seductive lips; than the contours of my fervently anticipating face; ardently desiring to witness you blossom into an unfathomable festoon of everlasting smiles; all day and morbid night,

There was no greater slave of your ravishingly silken hair; than the eclectically cogitating periphery of my scalp; incorrigibly wanting to possess your sensuously

magical swish; for times and decades immemorial,

There was no greater slave of your ingratiatingly titillating footsteps; than my every growing bohemian footprints; intractably waiting to be perpetually blessed by your majestically spell binding countenance,

There was no greater slave of your stupendously magnificent voice; than my overwhelmingly parched mouth; intransigently slavering till realms beyond the

eternal heavens; for your exotically marvelous melody,

There was no greater slave of your beautifully pristine fingers; than my insatiably penurious palms; irrevocably yearning to clasp them royal softness forever; and for infinite more births yet to come,

There was no greater slave of your tantalizingly enamoring belly; than my tumultuously starved stomach; irretrievably desiring to be brushed by your ravishingly enthralling fire; in the heart of the resplendent night,

There was no greater slave of your impeccably irrefutable honesty; than my manipulatively besieged conscience; unequivocally waiting for your ideals of

philanthropic humanity; to invincibly enshroud it from all sides,

There was no greater slave of your regally aristocratic neck; than my swelteringly dying throat; profoundly waiting to be turbulently smooched by the same; even as hell rained viciously from the fathomless sky,

There was no greater slave of your immaculately rhapsodic ears; than my uncontrollably trembling teeth; relentlessly longing to harmoniously nibble

your lobes; under the waterfalls of untamed excitement,

There was no greater slave of your poignantly scarlet blood; than my despairingly bereaved veins; incessantly wanting to upreme with your principles of mankind; your ideals of simplistically symbiotic existence,

There was no greater slave of your marvelously golden sweat; than my hungrily groping armpits; indefatigably anticipating your fountain of fragrant perseverance;

to bless its languid contours,

There was no greater slave of your vibrantly ebullient shadow; than my frantically trembling silhouette; timelessly waiting to wholesomely blend with your entrenchment of divinely sparkling righteousness,

There was no greater slave of your boisterously charming vibrancy; than my desolately wandering soul; incorrigibly yearning to profusely assimilate its impregnable fortitude; to unflinchingly confront even the most horrendous of impediment that came my way,

There was no greater slave of your profoundly mesmerizing blushing; than my turbulently bubbling cheeks; unsurpassably longing to be kissed for marathon fortnights on the trot; with the twinkling moon romantically dipping upon the kingly evening,

There was no greater slave of your astoundingly exhilarating versatility; than my restlessly drifting waves of excitement; unstoppably wishing to be passionately embedded by your priceless dexterity; on every path that I tread,

There was no greater slave of your unconquerably ecstatic magnetism; than my monotonously drubbing survival; endlessly longing for your integrally glorious shades of your uninhibited amiability,

There was no greater slave of your vivaciously vivid breath; than my hopelessly orphaned nostrils; tirelessly wanting to be unassailably encapsulated by its Omnipotent aura; to unitedly metamorphose the complexion of this disdainfully dithering planet,

And there was no greater slave of your immortally Omnipresent love; than my uxoriously throbbing heart; perennially yearning to bond with your formidable

reservoir of humanitarian relationship; perennially longing to unite as a single spirit with your humbly benign countenance .

21. IMPRESSSED

The roots unrelentingly wanted to impress the fertile cocoons of chocolate brown soil; by embedding themselves to astronomical limits; and as deep as possible,

The flowers profusely wanted to impress the tranquilly splendid atmosphere; by disseminating their marvelously majestic scent; to even the most fathomless quarters of this colossal Universe,

The squirrels profoundly wanted to impress the boisterously swirling tree trunks; by vivaciously gallivanting through their sensuous labyrinth of roots and tendrils; as the Sun blazed full throttle in the firmament of fathomless sky,

The crocodiles relentlessly wanted to impress the wildly swampy marshes; by menacingly slithering in them under the sinister winds of midnight; fervently

waiting with a glint of diabolism in their eyes; to pulverize innocuous prey into an infinite pieces,

The dew drops ardently wanted to impress the frolicking grass blades; by compassionately caressing their lush green stalks; fantasizing and romancing on

their bodies for times immemorial,

The clouds endlessly wanted to impress parched granules of scorchingly sweltering soil; by indefatigably culminating into an exquisite festoon of unstoppable rain; pelting the most fructifying blessings of the creator; in bountiful abundance,

The mice incorrigibly wanted to impress the hungrily prowling cat; by obediently scratching its irascibly unruly and fidgety skin; while it snored till beyond the realms; of scintillating paradise,

The fish intransigently wanted to impress the ravishingly undulating oceans; by jubilantly leaping up in astoundingly mesmerizing tandem with the tantalizing froth; rhetorically weaving its way ahead as the stars shone enchantingly in the

resplendent sky,

The termites mightily wanted to impress the lackadaisically withering bones; by biting

uninhibitedly through their deathly carcass; smacking their lips thereafter after the stupendously relishing meal,

The Sun perpetually wanted to impress the boundless entrenchment of mystical sky; by fulminating into a poignant fireball of blistering shine at the first crack of dawn; majestically enlightening all horrendously bereaved in vicinity; with the unsurpassable aristocracy in its golden rays,

The prince perennially wanted to impress the royally grandiloquent and exotically embellished castle; by irrefutably emanating the tunes of irrefutable righteousness from his bedazzling throne; dispensing justice to the poor and unassailably rich; from the realms of his chamber; alike,

The mirror unbelievably wanted to impress its discerningly staring beholder; by always portraying his most stringently candid reflection; depicting to him his most explicitly precise measure; of robust weight and towering height,

The gun irretrievably wanted to impress the diabolically satanic devil; by uncouthly permeating through innocent flesh; barbarically ripping apart life forever from the chest; at the tiniest insinuation of releasing the trigger,

The birds timelessly wanted to impress the exuberantly magnificent atmosphere; by handsomely soaring through the winds of happiness; gregariously embracing the air

in the spell binding carpet of its flight,

The cow bountifully wanted to impress the empty pail; by inundating its pathetically barren periphery with gallons of rejuvenating milk; imparting it with the most sacrosanct elixir to holistically lead life,

The Moon invincibly wanted to impress the sultry blackness of the ghastly night; with its unassailably priceless beams of serene light; uniting one and all alike; in the unconquerable aura of equanimity,

The soldiers impregnably wanted to impress the beleaguered rudiments of their imprisoned motherland; by triumphantly blazing into the rainbow of victory everytime they fought; eternally freeing the soil with the sacred blood of their valiant martyrdom,

The breath incessantly wanted to impress the heavenly bifurcating nostril; by inhaling and exhaling out a countless times each day and as the faintest traces of light submerged with the gruesome night; providing the most tenacious resilience to the gloomy corpses of death,

And my heart passionately wanted to impress the beats of its immortal beloved; with the most beautifully seductive rays of sharing; caring; with the most supreme endowment from the heavens; called LOVE; LOVE AND GODLY LOVE .

22. CAPS

When I wore a cap of profusely lambasted eggs; all that my brain could ever envisage; was pathetically strangulated and disgustingly sullen boredom,

When I wore a cap of ravishingly seductive lotus; all that my brain could ever conceive; was exotically voluptuous fragrance; sensuously flirting in the aisles of untamed desire; for times immemorial,

When I wore a cap of gorily squelched thorns; all that my brain could ever perceive; was brutally acrimonious disaster; with my entire countenance perennially enshrouded by vindictive cloudbursts of vengeful war,

When I wore a cap of disdainfully pulverized butter; all that my brain could ever contemplate; was miserably horrendous grease; my entire visage trembling in a pool of lividly despicable frustration,

When I wore a cap of profoundly scintillating pearls; all that my brain could ever imagine; was dancing in the corridors of everlasting prosperity; with aristocratically nubile maidens of my choice,

When I wore a cap of ravishingly rudimentary mud; all that my brain could ever visualize; was patriotically surging ahead to blissfully free my savagely

incarcerated and sacrosanct motherland,

When I wore a cap of beautifully mesmerizing silk; all that my brain could ever comprehend; was a timelessly sensuous entrenchment of enchanting fairies; the

angels of seductive romance forever casting a spell binding spell,

When I wore a cap of daintily rhetoric nightingale feather; all that my brain could ever cogitate; was a stupendously enthralling gorge of celestially placating sounds; divinely blessing each of my tumultuously frazzled senses,

When I wore a cap of unfathomably eternal dewdrops; all that my brain could ever ponder; was a wonderfully majestic civilization of impregnably united harmony; a

blending of all goodness into the religion of mankind,

When I wore a cap of disgustingly decaying mushrooms; all that my brain could ever ruminate; was mercurial fractions of ungainly obsolescence; the lackadaisically morbid stones strewn laggardly on the dusty ground,

When I wore a cap of boisterously buzzing and rampant honey bees; all that my brain could ever wonder; was holistically vibrant sweetness; the astounding kaleidoscope of vivacious colors in marvelous life,

When I wore a cap of hi-tech and overwhelmingly contemporary computer microchips; all that my brain could ever fantasize; was aliens descending in torrential frenzy from fathomless carpets of space; to extraordinary metamorphose the complexion of this; ludicrously dull planet,

When I wore a cap of poignantly tangy lemons; all that my brain could ever dream; was intrepidly swimming through the heart of the ecstatically choppy sea; thunderously feasting every bedraggled pore of my anguished skin; with the flamboyant shimmer of the midday Sun,

When I wore a cap of mystically slithering snakes; all that my brain could ever think; was lethally venomous danger indefatigably encircling my penurious life; an inscrutable grandeur that sent a chill to even the last bone down my naked spine,

When I wore a cap of sordidly ominous charcoal; all that my brain could ever hypothesize; was abominably faltering dirt; a dungeon of despondently treacherous

blackness; drifting me towards the aisles of gruesome nothingness,

When I wore a cap of irrefutably unassailable and priceless truth; all that my brain could ever romanticize; was unconquerably glittering triumph; an unsurpassable urge to ardently exist with infinite more innocuous of mind; for centuries immemorial,

When I wore a cap of pricelessly benevolent solidarity; all that my brain could ever believe; was that there was no strength greater than the fortress of celestially amalgamated humanity; which confronted even the most tyrannically uncouth of impediments; with the grace of a victoriously brandishing prince,

When I wore a cap of exuberantly exhilarating air; all that my brain could ever feel; was that the chapter of life perpetually proliferating upon this boundless planet; the royally Omnipotent desire to forever live; and let live,

And when I wore a cap of my immortally sacred beloved; all that my brain could ever think; was the perennially Omnipresent garden of amiable sharing; the most invincible element of creation; called timeless love .

23. 2 HEARTS

Just because 2 scarlet clouds clashed vehemently with each other in the firmament of fathomless sky; doesn't inevitably apply; that torrential cloudbursts of rain would pelt down in ferocious tandem; left; right and center,

Just because 2 exotically fragrant roses kissed each other under dazzling rays of the Sun and exuberant breeze; doesn't inevitably apply; that even the most remotest cranny of gigantically colossal Universe; was besieged with profusely overpowering scent,

Just because 2 crimson skins poignantly intermingled with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that all disdainful discrimination round the earth; uninhibitedly mélanges with the religion of humanity,

Just because 2 virile seeds romantically juxtaposed with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that every cranny of the famished earth; would blossom into perennial prosperity and unassailable happiness,

Just because 2 undulating waves ebulliently swirled with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that unfathomable fireballs of piquant salt; ubiquitously sprinkled across all disastrously beleaguered quarters of this endless Universe,

Just because 2 fervent helmets crashed with unsurpassable ardor with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that sparks of boundless euphoria flew upon every lackadaisical corner; of the discordantly wailing graveyard,

Just because 2 frigid avalanches of ice beautifully caressed each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that ever iota of acrimoniously sweltering heat; metamorphosed into a astoundingly placated goodness,

Just because 2 philanthropic palms impregnably united in threads of profound martyrdom; doesn't inevitably apply; that all barbaric bloodshed on this manipulatively savage planet; transforms into symbiotically glittering harmony,

Just because 2 impeccable eyes indefatigably stared at each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that tumultuous thunderbolts of insatiable compassion; are generated in every morbidly solitary corpse; of the pugnaciously stinking graveyard,

Just because 2 rhapsodic rivers amicably merged with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that all murderously fighting tribes across the planet; bountifully coalesced into strings of perpetually sparkling humanity,

Just because 2 flaming rays intractably adhered to each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that every pathetically tyrannized speck of blackness on this astronomically incomprehensible earth; would convert into spell binding light and righteousness,

Just because 2 ecstatic voices unflinchingly merged with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that even the most obliviously sordid bout of despondent silence; culminates into ardently awe inspiring and melodiously enchanting artistry,

Just because 2 resplendently shimmering pearls bounced against each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that even the most ghastliest of sinister darkness; is perennially illuminated with majestically scintillating shine,

Just because 2 intriguingly intrepid brains amalgamated with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that every stagnating curtain of disastrously vengeful gloom on this globe; fulminates into a mountain of invincible freshness,

Just because 2 colossal treasuries chivalrously mixed with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that all abominably crippling poverty in the savagely lambasted

atmosphere; culminated into a paradise of gorgeously blazing enthrallment,

Just because 2 humanitarian streams of enthusiastic blood blended with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that all horrendously racial discrimination and parasites on the globe; would incredulously foster the principles of eternal mankind,

Just because 2 volatile bits of truth rhetorically shook hands with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that even the most salaciously bereaved conscience's on monotonously diabolical soil; blossomed into irrefutably sacrosanct islands of benevolence,

Just because 2 ingratiating pools of breath synergistically bonded with each other; doesn't inevitably apply; that even the most devilishly diseased of organisms; perpetually continued to exist for centuries immemorial,

But Just because 2 passionately palpitating hearts immortally entrenched in the fireball of unending togetherness; it does inevitably apply; that all dastardly cowardliness on this earth comes to an abrupt end; all ominously bad is eventually decimated by the Omnipotent light of love; love and only unconquerable love .

24. WHEN WE FELL IN LOVE – PART 2

It was a day; when even the most pathetically blowing and orphaned winds; seemed like compassionately glorious tornado's of unending excitement,

It was a day; when even the most insidiously ghastly gutters; seemed like the voluptuously blossoming roses; of unbelievably unsurpassable exhilaration,

It was a day; when even the most lackadaisically morbid of stones; seemed to be bouncing in vivacious freshness; towards the fathomlessly crimson carpets of

brilliant sky,

It was a day; when even the most despairingly gloomy dungeons; seemed like the blazingly scintillating and fragrant walls; of eternal paradise,

It was a day; when even the most frigidly frozen avalanches of brutal ice; seemed like majestically compassionate fireballs of handsomely comforting light,

It was a day; when even the most maniacal bouts of inexplicable frustration; seemed like rhapsodically jubilant and poignant happiness,

It was a day; when even the most torrentially bombing cloudbursts of insanity; seemed like a gregariously innocuous towel of ever-pervading humanity,

It was a day; when even the most despondently despicable of failures; seemed like irrefutably triumphant winds of a flamboyantly indomitable victory,

It was a day; when even the most painstaking boring and invidious hours of the acrimoniously sweltering day; seemed like the most exuberantly gorgeous moments

of princely existence,

It was a day; when even the most horrendously distorted faces of ungainly disdain; seemed like a grandiloquently seductive princess; philandering ebulliently in the aisles of unprecedented desire,

It was a day; when even the most perilously baffling enigmas of salaciously uncouth survival; seemed to be the most dexterously rhetoric solutions; wholesomely

metamorphosing the complexion of sordidly dull mankind,

It was a day; when even the most acerbically intolerable of gory maladies; seemed like unassailable panacea's to holistically uplift; all tyrannically divested and crippling mankind,

It was a day; when even the most horrifically disgusting maelstrom of blatant lies; seemed to be like the marvelously Omnipresent sword of unconquerable truth,

It was a day; when even the most conventionally lambasting fraternity of the turgidly manipulative society; seemed like enchantingly magnanimous patrons of; insatiably intrepid artistry,

It was a day; when even the most irascibly coldblooded monsters indiscriminately pulverizing around; seemed like poignantly mesmerizing angels; having just

descended from the sky,

It was a day; when even the most diabolically austere predictions of an unwanted catastrophe; seemed like an unsurpassable showering of blessings from the lap

of the Creator Divine,

It was a day; when even the most lugubriously dithering and delinquent snails; seemed like ecstatically galloping martyrs of vividly enamoring patriotism,

It was a day; when even the most perfidiously obnoxious anecdotes of betrayal; seemed like perennial entrenchments of blissfully emphatic sharing and relationships,

It was a day; when even the most sullenly withering and mutilated bones; seemed like vivaciously resplendent colors of the heavenly rainbow; amidst the flamingly mystical beams of cloud and Sun,

It was a day; when even the most sardonically ghastly vials of lethally devastating poison; seemed like profusely chivalrous and mouthwatering bars of supreme

chocolate,

It was a day; when even the most brutally shattered and rusty glass; seemed like the most splendidly gorgeous portrayal of harmoniously opalescent mankind,

It was a day; when even the most stonily disastrous and vindictively remorseful corpses; seemed like an incomprehensibly piquant valley of pricelessly aristocratic life,

It was a day; when even the most barbarically penalizing destiny; seemed like the most invincibly ultimate endowments from the Lord divine,

O! Yes it was unequivocally the most beautifully fragrant day of our lives; it was a day when we first came to know each other only to unite as an impregnable spirit for infinite more births yet to come; it was a day when even the most belligerent of

badness had transformed into the vital elixir of life for us; O! yes it was a day when we had fallen passionately in love .

25. WHEN I REMEMBER YOU

When I remember you; I always look at the scintillating Sun; as it was in its profoundly blazing rays; that I irrefutably sighted your wonderfully Omnipotent eyes; empathizing with all humanity,

When I remember you; I always look at the vivaciously exhilarating rainbow; as it was in its intriguingly spell binding vivacity; that I irrefutably sighted your robustly princely facial contours,

When I remember you; I always look at the resplendently twinkling stars; as it was in their exotically seductive shimmer; that I irrefutably sighted your philanthropically smiling lips,

When I remember you; I always look at the timelessly evergreen meadows; as it was in their mystically exuberant dewdrops; that I irrefutably sighted your handsomely impeccable skin,

When I remember you; I always look at the enthrallingly fathomless skies; as it was in their boundlessly bountiful vastness; that I irrefutably sighted your invincibly Omnipotent form,

When I remember you; I always look at the ravishingly ebullient ocean; as it was in its tantalizingly frothy waves; that I irrefutably sighted your spirit of intrepidly magical adventure,

When I remember you; I always look at the vividly rustling breeze; as it was in its euphorically unsurpassable enthusiasm; that I irrefutably sighted your miraculously enlightening touch,

When I remember you; I always look at the unassailably towering mountains; as it was in their indomitably scintillating peaks; that I irrefutably sighted your fearlessly Omniscient stride,

When I remember you; I always look at the freshly born and innocuous infant; as it was in its incredulously impeccable wails; that I irrefutably sighted your perennially unending chapter; of blissfully timeless creation,

When I remember you; I always look at the torrentially rhapsodic rain; as it was in its perpetually endowing beauty; that I irrefutably sighted your magnanimously unprecedented blessings to one and all; living kind,

When I remember you; I always look at the ecstatically unfathomable gorge; as it was in its celestially endless enchantment; that I irrefutably sighted your Omnisciently blessing shadow,

When I remember you; I always look at the marvelously majestic fireball of truth; as it was in its unconquerably fragrant ardor; that I irrefutably sighted your benevolently princely voice,

When I remember you; I always look at the vividly bustling beehive of life; as it was in its melodiously harmonious sweetness; that I irrefutably sighted your impregnable demeanor enveloped with the scent of priceless humanity,

When I remember you; I always look at the beautifully mesmerizing roses; as it was in their stupendously righteous and triumphant scent; that I irrefutably sighted your majestically Omnipresent aura; for times immemorial,

When I remember you; I always look at the heavenly sapphire crested nightingale; as it was in its unbelievably benign and soothing voice; that I irrefutably sighted your gloriously Omnipotent and unparalleled artistry,

When I remember you; I always look at the godly cradle of uninhibited forgiveness; as it was in its divinely virtue to condone all inadvertently wrong; that I irrefutably sighted your holistically everlasting soul,

When I remember you; I always look at the sprouting of the eternally romantic seasons; as it was in their astoundingly rejuvenating newness; that I irrefutably

sighted your insurmountably tireless elements of symbiotic creation,

When I remember you; I always look at the unlimited infernos of compassionately eclectic breath; as it was in their poignantly unshakable vibrancy; that I irrefutably sighted your astonishingly divine chapter of perpetual proliferation,

And when I remember you; I always look at the victoriously throbbing heart; as it was in its ardently immortal beats of love; that I irrefutably sighted your ingratiating persona; it was in its formidable passion that I sighted your wonderfully revolving Universe .

26. THIRSTY

The acrimoniously sweltering sands of the blistering desert; were perpetually thirsty for; unfathomably sparkling tumblers; of heavenly rain water,

The somberly drying stalks of obsoletely dilapidated grass; were intransigently thirsty for; a vivacious kaleidoscope; of resplendently twinkling dewdrops,

The sardonically corrugated and rotting walls of the disastrous graveyard; were insatiably thirsty for; an unsurpassably vibrant entrenchment; of perennially blossoming life,

The pathetically sullen stillness of the murderously quiet valley; was irrevocably thirsty for; an ebulliently mesmerizing cloud; of melodiously enchanting whistles,

The ludicrously scattered and orphaned nestles of the solitarily empty nest; were profusely thirsty for; an impeccable festoon; of compassionately innocuous eggs,

The diabolically worthless skeletons of bizarrely insipid bones; were relentlessly thirsty for; a veritably vital blanket; of crimson blood and boisterous life,

The preposterously gloomy and insidious dungeons; were profoundly thirsty for; an incomprehensibly endless sky; of celestially optimistic light,

The placidly derogatory surface of the lugubriously stagnant pond; was irretrievably thirsty for; an exuberantly enthusing splash; of ravishingly sparkling waves,

The mercilessly thrashed and hopelessly abraded palms; were ardently thirsty for; a marvelously royal globe; of inscrutably magnificent destiny lines,

The ominous periphery of the cloud camouflaged sky; was fervently thirsty for; a glitteringly crystalline garden; of opalescently beaming and amicable stars,

The miserably dusty attic horrendously besieged with sinister cobwebs; was indefatigably thirsty for; an aristocratically blooming civilization; of ubiquitously unending freshness,

The abominably fretting and horrifically stinking gutters; were tirelessly thirsty for; rhapsodically euphoric galleries; of ecstatically jubilant scent,

The languidly indolent and preposterously slow tortoise; were unimaginably thirsty for; tumultuously triumphant thunderbolts; of ebulliently galloping speed,

The desolately neglected and gruesomely corrugated roads; were intractably

greedy for; rambunctiously bustling pyrotechnics; of flamboyantly gallivanting traffic,

The tyrannically whipped contours of haplessly bruised flesh; were unfathomably thirsty for; compassionately silken waterfalls; of priceless empathy and love,

The miserably devastated corridors of the uncouthly bedraggled brain; were

unconquerably thirsty for; enthrallingly spell binding clouds; of tantalizingly serene fantasy,

The ruthlessly frozen avalanches of stringently condensed ice; were incorrigibly thirsty for; passionately overwhelming fireballs; of blazingly sparkling heat,

The gorily mutilated and savagely punctured lungs; were unstoppably thirsty for; an everlastingly evergreen garden; of exotically enamoring and evolving breath,

The salaciously corrupt and manipulatively treacherous corpses of lies; were

irrefutably thirsty for; a tenaciously unflinching and philanthropic; harbinger of truth,

And the dormitories of my despondently impoverished heart; were unsurpassably thirsty for; the invincibly divine mists; of brilliantly pacifying and immortal love .

27. FOREVER AND PRICELESSLY ONE

When we first met under blazing rays of the Afternoon Sun; you should have seen the ardently unsurpassable fire in our eyes,

Which was so invincible that it became intransigently impossible for the most thunderous of whipping squall; to make even the slightest of indentation; upon our

compassionately uninhibited swirl .

When we first met in the romantically philandering lanes of the mystical forest; you should have seen the insatiably unflinching smile on our lips,

Which was so unassailable that it became irrevocably impossible; for the most diabolical of misery; to invidiously infiltrate even the tiniest; into our entrenchment of perennial jubilation .

When we first met on the scintillatingly pristine sea shores; you should have seen the spell binding river of ecstasy on our bountiful flesh,

Which was so unfathomable that it became incorrigibly impossible; for the most horrendous of abhorrent boredom; to sulk even a capricious whisker; into our

sky of eternal romance .

When we first met under the resplendently enamoring and beaming Moon; you should have seen the virgin innocence on our innocuously robust cheeks,

Which was so impregnable that it became irrefutably impossible; for even the most treacherously savage manipulation; to cast even a diminutive fraction of its lecherous spell; upon our perpetually impeccable enthrallment .

When we first met in the inscrutably tingling meadows of grass; you should have seen the spell binding mysticism encapsulated profoundly in our ravishing palms,

Which was so bountiful that it became irretrievably impossible for the most monotonously murderous parasites; to permeate even an infinitesimal speck; into our streams of celestially bonded blood .

When we first met under the vivaciously dancing rainbows; you should have seen the contours of heavenly newness on our impoverished faces,

Which were so blissfully revolutionary that it became dogmatically impossible for the most dilapidated dungeons of stagnation; to hover even a ludicrously remote fraction; over our fortress of unconquerable solidarity .

When we first met in the playgrounds of rhapsodically frolicking college; you should have seen the ardently crimson blushes on our majestic cheeks,

Which were so poignant that it became unimaginably impossible for the most satanic cisterns of gory bloodshed; to pry even a pathetically minuscule iota; around our cloud of ever augmenting and timeless camaraderie .

When we first met on the boisterously bustling road; you should have seen the stupendously magical infatuation in our magnetically exhaling gasps,

Which was so royal that it became incomprehensibly impossible for the most sinister spirits of ghastly corruption; to even infiltrate a sleazily parsimonious inch; into our web of everlastingly golden relationship .

And when we first met in our delectably new born cradles standing face to face; you should have seen the immortally unending love in our hearts,

Which was so perpetual that it became unrelentingly impossible for the most insidiously coldblooded chapters of cowardly death; to sprinkle even a frigidly negligible portion of its blackness; upon our life; which had united for infinite more births yet to unveil and by the grace of God; as FOREVER AND

PRICELESSLY ONE .

28. I'LL KEEP TRYING HARD

I'll keep trying hard; incessantly and till the time; the last iota of crimson blood incarcerated within my poignant veins; doesn't dry beyond the aisles of infinitesimal nothingness,

I'll keep trying hard; relentlessly and till the time; the last bone down my tenaciously lanky spine; doesn't fatigue beyond the corridors of irrevocable hopelessness,

I'll keep trying hard; indefatigably and till time; the last line of destiny on my brazenly intrepid palms; doesn't abrade into the dormitories of wholesomely bizarre extinction,

I'll keep trying hard; insatiably and till the time; the last muscle of my patriotically unassailable shoulders; doesn't blend completely with threadbare mud,

I'll keep trying hard; unrelentingly and till the time; the last hair of my overwhelmingly glistening scalp; doesn't wither into inconspicuous wisps of

insipid oblivion,

I'll keep trying hard; intransigently and till the time; the last tooth of my overwhelmingly formidable jaws; doesn't crumble into horrendously barbaric

powder,

I'll keep trying hard; irrefutably and till the time; the last strand of my unflinchingly intrepid flesh; doesn't vanish into realms of horrific banishment,

I'll keep trying hard; intransigently and till the time; the last smile of my charismatically bountiful lips; doesn't stutter towards an inexplicably gory end,

I'll keep trying hard; tirelessly and till the time; the last globule of empathy of my resplendently fearless eyes; doesn't fully evaporate into ungainly tornado's of nothingness,

I'll keep trying hard; incorrigibly and till the time; the last blush of my robustly scarlet cheeks; doesn't fade with the winds of obsoletely despicable dilapidation,

I'll keep trying hard; unfathomably and till the time; the last fringe of my valiantly intriguing eyelashes; doesn't plummet down in infuriated exasperation; to coalesce with the soggy ponds of slush on muddy ground,

I'll keep trying hard; irretrievably and till the time; the last iota of my piquantly galloping shadow; doesn't juxtapose into worthlessly baseless dust; with the treacherously Ominous descent of sinister midnight,

I'll keep trying hard; euphorically and till the time; the last whisper down my philanthropically scintillating throat; doesn't stifle to a timidly capricious mellow; eventually transposing with dungeons of disdain,

I'll keep trying hard; unendingly and till the time; the last morsel of enthusiasm in my vivaciously bouncing caricature; doesn't inevitably snap into pernicious rivers of painstaking perspiration,

I'll keep trying hard; irrevocably and till the time; the last ingredient of profusely aristocratic artistry in my fingers; doesn't disappear into disgustingly insane lunatism,

I'll keep trying hard; unfettered and till the time; the last maneuver of my rhetorically swirling neck; doesn't embed itself for times immemorial; beneath the grave

of ludicrously mocking desperation,

I'll keep trying hard; unconquerably and till the time; the last speck of gloriously sparkling truth in my conscience; doesn't assassinate into countless pieces

of derogatorily pulverized ash,

I'll keep trying hard; unassailably and till the time; the last millimeter of breath in my emphatically inhaling lungs; doesn't drain out at the order of the Creator; to perpetually abdicate life,

And I'll keep trying hard; immortally and till the time; the last beat of my passionately palpitating heart; doesn't succumb to the viciously malevolent whirlpools of betrayal; to the hands of the barbarically pulverizing devil .

29. IMPREGNABLY MARRIED

The instant you blended every iota of your crimson blood forever with hers; melanging each element of your pricelessly benevolent goodness with her enchantingly sacred spirit,

The instant you coalesced every puff of your passionate breath forever with hers; beautifully bonding the vibrantly vivacious elixir of your existence with her majestic stride,

The instant you intertwined each of your philanthropic fingers forever with hers; unflinchingly clasping her nubile visage irrespective of the most truculently hedonistic of storm,

The instant you intermingled each contour of your tantalizing shadow forever with hers; harmoniously letting unfathomable shades of your magnetic artistry become the perpetual embellishment of her magnificent eyes,

The instant you mixed every regale emotion of your glorious existence forever with hers; altruistically persevering with her at every step that she tread; although the earth slipped completely from under your feet a countless times,

The instant you transposed every rhythm of your fantastically mellifluous voice with hers; unitedly becoming the tenacity of all tumultuously aggrieved mankind; with her ingratiating shoulders by your side,

The instant you juxtaposed every speck of your gloriously glistening sweat forever with hers; royally letting the essence of your sparkling perseverance become the empathy in her fructifying eyes,

The instant you amalgamated every follicle of your bountifully burgeoning hair forever with hers; sensuously tickling her famished skin with your wave of intrepidly enthralling adventure,

The instant you infused every droplet of your patriotically blazing tears forever with hers; perennially witnessing the marvelously eclectic beauty of this planet; through the impeccable whites of her immaculate eyes,

The instant you coagulated every smile of your chivalrously bestowing lips forever with hers; transcending even the most inexplicably stuttering aspect of her life; with the fathomless sky of your unfettered ebullience,

The instant you combined every step that you unstoppably tread forever with hers; profoundly relishing the resplendent blanket of life; unassailably cuddled with her incredulously blessed grace,

The instant you compounded every bone of your resilient visage forever with hers; facing even the most ghoulishly murderous of adversity to protect your eternal camaraderie; although the world scurrilously snapped at you from all sides,

The instant you agglutinated every irrefutable fortress of your truth forever with hers; handsomely swirling as the most unconquerable wave of ubiquitous peace; with her spell bindingly enamoring melody by your side,

The instant you connected every bit of your charismatically gregarious radiance forever with hers; ecumenically blossoming as the pinnacle of compassionate togetherness; which none on this earth could ever dream to invade,

The instant you united every trace of everlasting righteousness in your soul forever with hers; symbiotically surviving with the redolent petals on her twinkling feet; magically transiting you into celestial siesta,

The instant you linked every prosperously blissful mannerism of yours forever with hers; considering yourself to be the richest organism on this Universe as you sipped Omnipotent water from her divine palms; although your pockets were torn from both sides,

The instant you joined every emphatically triumphant moment of your life forever with hers; assimilating an unfathomable ocean of happiness; as she stared like a

new born princess into the obeisant fluttering of your eyes,

The instant you bonded every beat of your wonderfully uninhibited heart forever with hers; immortally loving her magnanimously humanitarian grace; more than breath could ever have loved euphoric life,

Believe me; that very Omnipresent instant itself and without even the most ephemerally parsimonious of ceremony; church; temple; mosque; monastery; monk or myth; in the eyes of the Almighty Lord as well as in perfect synergy with his rules of life; you were impregnably married .

30. PLEASE SAY SOMETHING ATLEAST

It might be the most insanely balderdash and deteriorating rhyme on this enchantingly fathomless earth; I still wont mind it even an infinitesimal trifle,

It might be the most perniciously sinister and abhorrent abuse on this spell bindingly colossal earth; I still wont mind it even a diminutive iota,

It might be the most savagely distorted and feckless mumble-jumble on this redolently unassailable earth; I still wont mind it even a mercurial inch,

It might be the most truculently perverted and sordid imagery on this charismatically blessed earth; I still wont mind it even a minute whisper,

It might be the most satanically incarcerated and preposterous rhyme on this endlessly enthralling earth; I still wont mind it even an invisible speck,

It might be the most grotesquely ghoulish and cacophonic on this timelessly mesmerizing earth; I still wont mind it even an obsolete fraction,

It might be the most remorsefully fretful and dolorous monologue on this iridescently majestic earth; I still wont mind it even an inconspicuous bit,

It might be the most notoriously atrocious and sanctimonious slang on this magically Omnipotent earth; I still wont mind it even an insipid chunk,

It might be the most rambunctiously garrulous and irascible sound on this gigantically eclectic earth; I still wont mind it even a diminishing periphery,

It might be the most indescribably hoarse and irate word on this bountifully burgeoning earth; I still wont mind it even a nonchalant component,

It might be the most treacherously invidious and quavering wail on this stupendously triumphant earth; I still wont mind it even a parsimonious firmament,

It might be the most derogatorily nonsensical and disdainful shit on this boundlessly gregarious earth; I still wont mind it even an evanescent centimeter,

It might be the most villainously decrepit and tawdry fantasy on this unsurpassably gargantuan earth; I still wont mind it even an ephemeral trace,

It might be the most luridly heinous and prejudiced animosity on this magnificently celestial earth; I still wont mind it even a fugitive figment,

It might be the most indiscriminately lambasting and unrelenting litany of complaints on this beautifully convivial earth; I still wont mind it even a non-existent speck,

It might be the most ludicrously staggering and exhausted adieu on this gloriously flamboyant earth; I still wont mind it even a infidel step,

It might be the most uncontrollably ferocious and devastating echo on this magnetically enigmatic earth; I still wont mind it even an obfuscated segment,

It might be the most dwindlingly asphyxiated and tortured beat on this Omnisciently sacrosanct earth; I still wont mind it even an fleeting section,

But please O! eternal Beloved; for God's sake O! Heavenly Beloved; howsoever absurd and inconsequential it may be; I really wont mind it the least; but say

something atleast,

For I could bear an infinite deaths smilingly and without the slightest of complaints; rather than witnessing you as silent as a stone in the ghastly grave; so for heaven sake please; please; please say something atleast .

31. CRUELLY STARVED

Brutally starved were my staggering eyes; frantically groping for those rainbows of eternal prosperity; which had become so ghoulishly amorphous and obsolete; in the world today,

Pathetically starved were my lambasted lips; rapaciously wandering for those hives of perennial sweetness; which had parsimoniously evaporated into corpses of lackadaisical abhorrence; in the world today,

Horrendously starved were my tortured fingers; unrelentingly searching for those uninhibited bits of free space; which had so luridly metamorphosed into salacious jailhouses of the sinister devil; in the world today,

Preposterously starved were my tottering cheeks; intransigently loitering for those whirlwinds of ingratiating passion; which had transited into penalizingly inclement commercialism; in the world today,

Despondently starved were my numbed ears; indefatigably straining for those sounds of everlastingly mellifluous harmony; which had so bizarrely drowned

in obstreperously maladroit traffic; in the world today,

Truculently starved was my monotonous brain; timelessly stretching for those precociously exhilarating forests of astounding innovation; which had converted so deplorably into coffins of ribald hell; in the world today,

Flagrantly starved were my beleaguered eyelashes; relentlessly glimpsing for those dew drops of unfathomably sensuous ecstasy; which had so fanatically fulminated into insanely tyrannical bloodshed and crime; in the world today,

Lecherously starved was my aggrieved throat; desperately searching for those raindrops of pristine exhilaration; which had so egregiously adulterated themselves with derogatory corruption; in the world today,

Lasciviously starved were my fetid toes; agonizingly penetrating for those meadows of irrefutably silken honesty; which had so disparagingly converted themselves into a gutter of ghastly lies; in the world today,

Despairingly starved were my deprived palms; tirelessly fumbling for those entrenchments of aristocratic artistry; which had so perniciously disappeared into the dungeons of miserably fermented doom; in the world today,

Unsparingly starved were my staggering veins; limitlessly stuttering for those waves of unflinching solidarity; which had so barbarously unfurled into carcasses of bludgeoning viciousness; in the world today,

Licentiously starved was my convoluted neck; greedily swirling for those pinnacles of impregnably majestic brotherhood; which had so uncouthly divided into sleazily spurious boundaries of religion; caste; creed and color; in the world today,

Ludicrously starved were my trembling teeth; maniacally chattering for those winds of patriotically blazing courage; which had so raunchily extinguished into scurrilously dastardly betrayal; in the world today,

Painstakingly starved were my dreary bones; rampantly galloping for those blissfully placating shades of symbiotism; which had so hedonistically become warehouses of morbidly libidinous trade; in the world today,

Unsurpassably starved was my crumbling spinal chord; wildly staring for those clouds of compassionate embrace; which had so bawdily perpetuated into mirages of worthless meaninglessness; in the world today,

Criminally starved was my terrorized shadow; restlessly meandering for those unequivocally glorious rivers of freedom; which had so treacherously dwindled

into maelstroms of political racialism; in the world today,

Indiscriminately starved was my incoherent signature; implacably ambling for those stamps of heavenly righteousness; which had so tawdrily exploded into surreptitiously gratuitous profanity; in the world today,

Forlornly starved was my asphyxiated breath; intractably gasping for those fireballs of vivaciously unending titillation; which had so obnoxiously become castrated graveyards of marauding lynchpins; in the world today,

And cruelly starved was my deteriorating heart; endlessly feeling for those beats of immortally regale love; which had so baselessly extradited into gallows of indescribably crucifying emptiness; in the world today .

32. ONLY THOSE

Its Omnipotent light can be felt by one and all on this colossal Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly attain its resplendently sparkling majesty,

Its eternally fantastic fragrance can be felt by one and all on this gigantic Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly blend with its perpetually ecstatic rudiments,

Its timeless enthrallment can be felt by one and all on this Herculean Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly imbibe its poignantly burgeoning intricacies,

Its perennial seduction can be felt by one and all on this unassailable Universe alike; but only those Who fall in love; can truly experience its rainbow of compassionate togetherness,

Its magnanimously bountiful philanthropism can be Felt by one and all on this limitless Universe alike; But only those who fall in love; can truly become the fabric of its boundless sensuousness,

Its bounteously proliferating reverberations can Be felt by one and all on this fathomless Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly embrace its winds of unconquerably supreme righteousness,

Its unflinchingly marvelous solidarity can be felt By one and all on this endless Universe alike; but Only those who fall in love; can truly perch on the Throne of impregnable prosperity,

Its ingratiatingly holistic charisma can be felt by one and all on this unsurpassable Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly revel in its inimitably unparalleled glory for infinite more births yet to unveil,

Its waves of heavenly royalty can be felt by one And all on this relentless Universe alike; but only Those who fall in love; can truly swim in its ocean of ebulliently eclectic color,

Its waves of jubilant rhapsody can be felt by one and all on this unending Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly imbibe its impeccably ubiquitous swirl for centuries immemorial,

Its patriotically altruistic soul can be felt by one and all on this boundless Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly mélange with its winds of invincible mankind,

Its resonations of Samaritan goodness can be felt by one and all on this insurmountable Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly become an

inseparable ingredient of its indomitable stride,

Its Omnisciently beautiful radiance can be felt by one and all on this limitless Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly enrapture every

famished pore of their dwindling skin with its ointment of silken companionship,

Its mists of enamoringly titillating enigma can be felt by one and all on this bounteous Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly replenish

even the most diminutive aspect of their existence with its magical wand,

Its entrenchment of timelessly agglutinating unity can be felt by one and all on this blooming Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly march shoulder to shoulder with its essence of amiably ecumenical oneness,

Its vibrations of irrevocably scintillating righteousness can be felt by one and all on this Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly assimilate its regale splendor to divinely bless every instant of their pristine lives,

Its indefatigably pulsating rhythm can be felt by one and all on this Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly float in its sacrosanct cradle of dreams and blessing paradise,

Its streams of aristocratically timeless gratification can be felt be one and all on this Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly gallop on its satiny cloud of mystical mellifluousness,

Its insuperably exhilarating breath can be felt by one and all on this vivid Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly bond even the most capricious iota of their soul with the Omnipresent iridescence of the Lord Divine,

And its breathtakingly plentiful illumination can be felt by one and all on this tireless Universe alike; but only those who fall in love; can truly coalesce with its beats of immortally poignant camaraderie and glimmering graciousness .

33. AT HER OMNIPRESENT FEET

Not the slightest impressed did I feel; even as every cranny of my countenance; enshrouded itself with the most resplendently shimmering silk,

Not the slightest enchanted did I feel; even as an unsurpassable sky of ingratiatingly mellifluous nightingales; majestically perpetuated caverns of unbelievably rhapsodic melody in my life,

Not the slightest influenced did I feel; even as the most unprecedentedly wise philosophers; uninhibitedly showered the essence of symbiotically ecstatic life;

upon my treacherously bereaved soul,

Not the slightest overwhelmed did I feel; even as an endless tornado of glittering gold; landed like a regal prince; right in the heart of my sordidly dilapidated household,

Not the slightest appeased did I feel; even as the most stupendously sweet hives of ebullient honey; timelessly charmed my preposterously cacophonic and truculently scorching throat,

Not the slightest silenced did I feel; even as the magnificently sensuous carpet of voluptuous night; unassailably transited me into wonderfully blissful siesta,

Not the slightest exhilarated did I feel; even as the most impeccably divine fairies descended from the cosmos; to perennially occupy the barren space of my disastrously sagging shoulders,

Not the slightest frolicking did I feel; even as the Omnipotent Sun burgeoned a profound throttle from behind the rain soaked hills; and a cluster of vibrantly innocuous butterflies invited me to dance till times beyond infinite infinity,

Not the slightest intriguing did I feel; even as the most tantalizing of seductresses ecstatically danced in my miserably quavering way,

Not the slightest pragmatic did I feel; even as the most articulately methodical of classrooms; handsomely perpetuated in my tyrannically famished eyes,

Not the slightest adventurous did I feel; even as an unfathomable gorge of fascinating mysticism; enticed me in its ravishingly bountiful belly button; from all sides,

Not the slightest triumphant did I feel; even as every cranny of celestial land on this limitless planet; blessed itself like a royal prince; into the diminutive folds of my clenched fists,

Not the slightest stimulated did I feel; even as every speck of gorgeously titillating beauty on this planet; unrelentingly tickled my flaccid skin with winds of indomitably vibrant desire,

Not the slightest romantic did I feel; even as the regal propensity of exuberant air; compassionately embraced me with eternal rain; on every exhaustedly beleaguered step of mine,

Not the slightest placated did I feel; even as the most scrumptiously fructifying meals on this boundless Universe; ardently waited to kiss my tongue; choosing only me as the sole consumer for countless more births of mine,

Not the slightest enthused did I feel; even as the ingeniously impregnable synchronizations entered my insane brain; rendering me with the insatiable power

to wholesomely metamorphose the complexion of this dastardly earth,

Not the slightest rejuvenated did I feel; even as untamed waterfalls of heavenly prosperity; ubiquitously descended upon my despondently asphyxiated persona,

Not the slightest vivacious did I feel; even as immortal whirlpools of quintessentially emollient breath; bestowed upon me a timeless legacy to exist; celestially transcending all hedonistic pain and pugnacious crime,

Not the slightest eclectic did I feel; even as congenitally inherent artistry copiously exuded from each element of my fantastic demeanor; right since the first time; that I uninhibitedly cried,

Not the slightest tenacious did I feel; even as incomprehensibly inexorable fortresses of unflinching power; left the entire world to be the perpetually scintillating impressions of my nimble stride,

Not the slightest honored did I feel; even as every single bit of imperially aristocratic accomplishment on this gregarious planet; became the immutably perennial jewel of my eyes,

Not the slightest boisterous did I feel; even as an insurmountably relentless mountain of exotic energy; jubilantly crawled into the piquantly intricate network of my veins,

Not the slightest enamored did I feel; even as the entire fabric of philanthropically synergistic harmony on this Omniscient planet; became the revered necklace

of my tireless existence,

Not the slightest certified did I feel; even as the most professionally enviable degrees in this exotic world; unfurled like a pack of vividly rejoicing cards into my outstretched lap,

Not the slightest innovative did I feel; even as the lines of my palms were unbelievably gifted to spawn a river of infinite newness; on every pristinely naked

twig of the tree; that they delicately caressed,

But I would feel the richest man on this gargantuan earth O! Almighty Lord; if you gave me death at her pricelessly sacrosanct feet; made irrefutably sure that I breathed my very last breath perhaps premature; but with her Omnipresent

palms forever intertwined in mine .

34. IF YOU THOUGHT

If you thought that I'd perpetually love you; even after you brutally slandered me on my hindside with your murderous kitchen knife; just because I fervently showed my eagerness to assist you in the best way I could,

If you thought that I'd unassailably love you; even after you indefatigably rebuked me for irrefutably following the sparkling pathways of eternally unflinching truth,

If you thought that I'd bountifully love you; even after you indiscriminately plucked out every intricate vein of my body; to feed your cacophonically favorite puppy dog,

If you thought that I'd timelessly love you; even after you barbarously barked the most perniciously heinous abuse in my ears; for obeisantly lying at your feet all day like an innocuous prince,

If you thought that I'd unrelentingly love you; even after you cadaverously wished me all the bad luck that truculently lingered on this Universe; although I worshipped you like the ultimate angel of my dreams,

If you thought that I'd sensuously love you; even after you parasitically sucked the most infinitesimal droplet of my blood; like a venomously flagrant parasite,

If you thought that I'd miraculously love you; even after you treacherously whipped my savagely exonerated chest with lethally coldblooded snakes; just because I

had compassionately lit the candles of your morosely blackened room,

If you thought that I'd impregnably love you; even after you preposterously laid a mortuary of hedonistic thorns on every path that I tread; and then tantalizingly titillated the raunchy model of your lascivious dreams,

If you thought that I'd handsomely love you; even after you paid a satanically deaf ear to the most poignantly uncontrollable of my cries; deliberately unfurled a pack of diabolical wolves; right towards the impeccable whites of my eyes,

If you thought that I'd majestically love you; even after you indefatigably tortured me in devilish coffins of hell; just because I ardently polished the tip of your sanctimonious shoe; a trifle too much,

If you thought that I'd unflinchingly love you; even after you invidiously gave me pig's feces to eat; for robustly scintillating breakfast as well as to wade through the chapter of the drearily morbid night,

If you thought that I'd unsurpassably love you; even after you mercilessly cut each of my silken finger; simply in order to wholesomely liberate the irately petulant itch in your effusively dancing nerves,

If you thought that I'd insurmountably love you; even after you ruthlessly pulverized every bone of my righteous countenance under your uncouthly speeding Mercedes; just because you ghastily wanted to check the durability of your obnoxiously bohemian tyre,

If you thought that I'd inimitably love you; even after you charred every iridescent contour of my demeanor with sweltering acid; just because I insatiably endeavored my best to enlighten the frowns of franticness on your dwindling face,

If you thought that I'd profusely love you; even after you perfidiously chopped my tongue from my immaculate throat; sporadically using it to tickle the squalidly demonic soles of your disparagingly despicable feet,

If you thought that I'd uncontrollably love you; even after you perilously metamorphosed even the most infantile of my fantasy into nightmares of horrendous

nothingness; just because I unequivocally squandered every evil glance that wandered itself; towards your beautifully sacrosanct grace,

If you thought that I'd perpetually love you; even after you unsparingly decimated all efforts of my lifetime like pieces of frigid matchsticks right in front of my eyes; and then luridly enshrouded them with your scurrilous spit,

Then I am sorry that you're in for the most fathomlessly unthinkable shock of your life; for I would still love you more immortally than ever before; I would still love you more than this earth could have ever loved even the most vivacious form of life,

For when I gave my heart to you; neither did I see your religion; neither did I see your outlook towards life; as my love was; is and would for infinite more births always remain unconditional; would always remain tirelessly blind .

35. WHAT USE ?

What use was my infinite coins; if there was none to synergistically share them with me except my own insanely decrepit self; when all that I truly needed for quintessential existence; was just a singleton chunk of them; everyday ?

What use was my infinite happiness; if there was none to triumphantly experience it with me except my own prejudiced self; when all that I truly needed for holistic existence; was just a mercurial trifle of it; everyday ?

What use were my infinite clothes; if there was none to convivially wear them with me except my own disdainfully dastardly self; when all that I truly needed for symbiotic existence; was just a tenacious robe of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite castles; if there was none to harmoniously live in them with me except my own viciously trembling self; when all that I truly needed

for perspicacious existence; was just a robust abode of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite victories; if there was none to blazingly rejoice in them with me except my own spuriously sanctimonious self; when all that I truly

needed for bountiful existence; was just an exuberant handful of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite cars; if there was none to euphorically enjoy them with me except my own remorsefully fretting self; when all that I truly needed for vibrant existence; was just an exhilarating model of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite fantasies; if there was none to fantastically admire them with me except my own obnoxiously ghoulish self; when all that I truly needed for scintillating existence; was just a sensuous dream of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite watches; if there was none to blissfully witness them with me except my own pathetically decaying self; when all that I truly needed for enamoring existence; was just a meticulous dial of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite landscapes; if there was none to celestially philander on them with me except my own drearily morose self; when all that I truly needed for heavenly existence; was just a infinitesimal contour of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite flowers; if there was none to ecstatically smell them with me except my own lunatically zany self; when all that I truly needed for priceless existence; was just a fragrant petal of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite forests; if there was none to mystically adventure in them with me expect my own scurrilously withering self; when all that I truly needed for effulgent existence; was just an inconspicuous branch of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite accomplishments; if there was none to wholeheartedly relish them with me except my own nonchalantly indolent self; when all that I

truly needed for beautiful existence; was just an articulate parcel of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite oceans; if there was none to ebulliently swim in them with me except my own treacherously lambasting self; when all that I truly needed for voluptuous existence; was just an undulating wave of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite memories; if there was none to nostalgically relive them with me except my own preposterously stinking self; when all that I truly needed for sparkling existence; was just a fugitive anecdote of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite Sun's; if there was none to unassailably dazzle in them with me except my own barbarously brutal self; when all that I truly needed for gregarious existence; was just a flamboyant ray of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite clouds; if there was none to compassionately bathe in them with me except my own unforgivably goddamned self; when all that I truly

needed for sacred existence; was just an ephemeral mist of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite hands; if there was none to amiably intertwine with them except my own mordantly penurious self; when all that I truly needed for divinely existence; was just a few fingers of them; everyday ?

What use were my infinite breaths; if there was none to timelessly coalesce with them except my own obstinately constipated self; when all that I truly needed for sustainable existence; was just a sparse entrenchment of them; everyday ?

And what use were my infinite hearts; if there was none to immortally love them except my own satanically devastating self; when all that I truly needed for unconquerable existence; was just a pulsating beat of them; everyday ?

36. YOU SIMPLY COULDN'T HIDE

You simply couldn't hide the maliciously decrepit savagery in your prejudiced lips; just by profusely embellishing them with poignantly crimson shades of exotically blissful lipstick,

You simply couldn't hide the unprecedentedly pugnacious abhorrence in your sinister eyes; just by aristocratically adorning them with radiantly resplendent and tantalizing mascara,

You simply couldn't hide the insanely lambasting tyranny in your devilish throat; just by tirelessly painting it with ebulliently pristine and sweetly mellifluous honey,

You simply couldn't hide the petulantly unruly urges to indiscriminately massacre in your unsparing feet; just by dexterously camouflaging them with

marvelously articulate sports shoes,

You simply couldn't hide the coldblooded parasites on your blood-stained palms; just by surreptitiously sequestering them under a vivaciously sleazy coat of vibrantly titillating graffiti,

You simply couldn't hide the volcano's of devastatingly lunatic emaciation in your bellicose stomach; just by stealthily enveloping it with timidly obeisant and flaccid apron strings,

You simply couldn't hide ribald maelstroms of vindictive misery in your esoteric brain; just by nonchalantly entrenching it by insurmountably gigantic triangular straw hats,

You simply couldn't hide satanically biting urges in your diabolical teeth; just by ardently painting them with the most brilliantly effulgent of; reinvigoratingly robust toothpaste,

You simply couldn't hide licentiously lascivious desires in your sleazy skin; just by bawdily covering it with unsurpassably sanctimonious robes of slippery silk,

You simply couldn't hide the lethally belligerent venom in your worthless sweat; just by baselessly sprinkling it with stupendously rejuvenating cologne,

You simply couldn't hide the preposterous desires to kill in your diseased bones; just by aimlessly enshrouding them with grotesquely punctured mimicry of ubiquitous saintly robes,

You simply couldn't hide the whirlpools of unrelentingly iconoclastic chauvinism in your beleaguered shoulders; just by disastrously impregnating them with uninhibitedly princely bird wings,

You simply couldn't hide libidinously corrupt desires of your fecklessly tawdry soul; just by incessantly chanting the mantra of eternally symbiotic mankind,

You simply couldn't hide the irately opprobrious manipulation in your dwindling countenance; just by indefatigably bouncing like an ecstatically exultating kangaroo; in the heart of the tropically iridescent forests,

You simply couldn't hide your morbidly macabre spirit to devour innocent humans alive; just by coherently disguising your speech with a string of holistic pearls; like the ambiguously beguiling politician,

You simply couldn't hide your intrinsically maligned desire to uncouthly snatch; just by spuriously donating the sordidly fetid leftovers of your kitchen; to ghosts lingering insidiously in the cacophonic graveyard,

You simply couldn't hide the inevitable onset of age on your dastardly trembling persona; just by worthlessly adorning your demeanor with flamboyantly pulsating and sleazily short teenage clothes,

You simply couldn't hide the incomprehensibly limitless graveyard of derogatory lies in your conscience; just by brandishing the immortal martyrs sword upside down; in your pathetically quavering arms,

You simply couldn't hide your already deadened and meaninglessly laconic form; just by deliberately expunging boundless gallons of squeamish air; from your obsoletely asphyxiated nostrils,

And you simply couldn't hide the pernicious battlefield of salacious betrayal in your threadbare heart; just by despicably attaching a pacemaker to it; and then fulminating into an untamed fireball of worthlessly robotic beats .

37. EXPRESSING LOVE

My eyes expressed their profoundly unending love; by culminating into an astoundingly glistening festoon of triumphant tears; as her pristinely heavenly form

unfurled from behind the sun soaked hills,

My lips expressed their profusely inexorable love; by igniting thunderstorms of unrelenting desire in her majestic body; poignantly tracing the beautifully blossoming outlines of her mellifluous skin,

My forehead expressed its unrelentingly mischievous love; by flirtatiously colliding with her nubile chin; celestially brushing against her marvelously heaving

chest; as resplendently enamoring beams of the moon took complete control,

My cheeks expressed their bountifully timeless love; by blushing a shade more incomprehensibly voluptuous crimson than the torrentially thundering clouds; at

even the most inconspicuously evanescent of her caress,

My fingers expressed their insatiably indomitable love; by tirelessly groping in rampant strokes through her sensuously ravishing hair; invincibly clasping her

sacrosanct fingers in mine; for infinite more births yet to unveil,

My belly expressed its euphorically unlimited love; by indefatigably matching the divine cadence of her silhouette step for step; reverberating as her ultimate slave in even the most ephemeral of her queenly shadow,

My shoulders expressed their unflinchingly audacious love; by perpetually sequestering her enchantingly vivacious grace in their compassionate warmth;

uplifting her innocuous visage above the realms of spell binding paradise; even as nothing but hell vomited hedonistically from blue sky,

My eyelashes expressed their tantalizingly endless love; by sporadically fluttering against her royally exuberant nose; making her feel like a new born princess; even in her times of inexplicably traumatizing distress,

My ears expressed their ecstatically perennial love; by perspicaciously assimilating even the tiniest rhythm of her glorious stride; ardently listening to her ebulliently rhapsodic laughter; even centuries unfathomable after their veritable time,

My tongue expressed its intransigently dedicated love; by assiduously suckling the sweetness of her golden sweat; punctuating rivulets of untamed felicity in her

countenance with its marvelously sensitive strokes,

My feet expressed their immutably unshakable love; by incessantly following her blissfully immaculate trails wherever she went; intermittently evoking her to

fulminate into inimitable laughter poking her with my bohemian toe,

My throat expressed its ecumenically impeccable love; by relentlessly singing praises of her eternally righteous soul; unequivocally voicing its unstinted support for her everlasting grace; even as the entire world charged her with licentiously bawdy profanity,

My chest expressed its unconquerably benign love; by unassailably guarding her stupendously aristocratic form; taking every heinously adulterated arrow that

dared come her royal away; upon its astronomically tenacious consortium of barren bones,

My palms expressed their impregnably volatile love; by altruistically borrowing all forks of flagrant difficulty from her hands; blessing even the most inconsequential aspect of her life with their quota of destined happiness,

My shadow expressed its unshakably unending love; by irrevocably entrenching her melodiously jubilant form from all sides; timelessly ensuring that even the most

fugitive jinx or spirit wanting to infiltrate her; instead becoming my devastating rhyme,

My mind expressed its fantastically unsurpassable love; by endlessly fantasizing about her enthrallingly exhilarating aura; implacably replacing every other thought in my life with the fragrance of her unblemished companionship,

My veins expressed their vehemently intractable love; by emptying even the last iota of priceless blood from their silken conglomerate; to unendingly witness her blossom into eclectically fructifying life,

My breath expressed its irretrievably unbreakable love; by boundless cascading down her vividly imperial neck; being the insurmountably undefeated elixir; whenever she wanted to uninhibitedly gallop forward in vibrant life,

And my heart expressed its immortally unparalleled love; by bountifully bonding every of its passionate beat with her essence of irrefutably undaunted truth;

indomitably coalescing with her spirit of oneness and humanity; even after the earth had disdainfully ceased to exist .

38. GODDAMNED ARE THOSE

Goddamned are those who baselessly criticize; treacherously impede the majestically burgeoning artist; like a morosely ghastly nail in each of his stride,

Goddamned are those who insanely murder; ruthlessly choose innocuously regal human flesh; as a grotesque delicacy to bizarrely tantalize their nocturnal delights,

Goddamned are those who monotonously survive; crucifying every iota of divine sensuousness in the atmosphere around; with swords of derogatorily debasing

rigidity and lunatic corruption,

Goddamned are those who indiscriminately divide; disparagingly dissecting the mantra of eternally symbiotic mankind; into sleazy caste; creed; religion

and ominously ungainly tribe,

Goddamned are those who coldbloodedly snatch; sinfully divesting mothers of their newborn children; egregiously massaging their bald scalps with the blood of the innocently dying,

Goddamned are those who lure impetuous youth into the gallows of unforgivably lurid crime; invidiously manipulating organisms like puppets; so that the scent

of decrepit high society cigarette on their carcasses never died,

Goddamned are those who satanically devastate blissful environment; devilishly decimating trees to enlighten their abodes of horrifically contagious filth and

abhorrent malice,

Goddamned are those who mercilessly slit impeccable throats; roasting Almighty Lord pricelessly sacred life; to lasciviously blend with their raunchy caverns

of vixen and nubile and wine,

Goddamned are those who formidably support the stigma of lugubrious illiteracy; fiendishly terrorizing every sagacious entity who dared to get wonderfully employed,

Goddamned are those who delinquently betray their revered mother land; barbarically selling the very womb from which they were born; to ghosts of hell and gutters

of utterly disgruntling grime,

Goddamned are those who perniciously gamble; meaninglessly waste monumental treasuries of currency on personal prejudice; while countless emaciatingly orphaned children outside had not a morsel to eat and died,

Goddamned are those who viciously adulterate; indefatigably contaminating fathomless fields of ebullient corn and life; with the venom of profanely

gratuitous politics,

Goddamned are those who salaciously imperil the growth of wildlife; implacably poaching all night and sunlit day; just to release that extra itch insanely circumlocuting their snobbish stride,'

Goddamned are those who engender asphyxiating war; disseminate insidiously preposterous bloodshed on every conceivable cranny of this gigantic planet,

Goddamned are those who acerbically lead every moment of their life to the rigidly ticking clock; brutally massacring even the most poignantly effusive of their emotions to the conventionally atrocious society,

Goddamned are those who cheat their very own conscience; pugnaciously deluging it with an unsurpassably unending gutter of deleterious corruption,

Goddamned are those who inexorably terrorize in the name of law and order; ruthlessly kill countless innocent under the macabre pretext of spuriously dwindling justice,

Goddamned are those who ridicule euphonically beautiful voice; gruesomely metamorphosing it into; an unfathomable ocean of cacophonically maniacal rioting

and slandering bloodshed,

Goddamned are those who prattle disdainfully about celestial existence; making the most quintessential agenda of their lives to lambaste triumphantly euphoric happiness,

Goddamned are those who pretentiously sob; dissolutely culminating into a cloudburst of fecklessly crocodile tears; just to evoke currency and apathy for their

decayingly obsolete and wearily wastrel life,

Goddamned are those who ambiguously change color; despairingly inflict the fabric of the harmoniously spell binding society; with the germs of castigating cowardice,

Goddamned are those who sardonically torture their own form; putting heinously regretful brakes; upon the Lord's most blessed chapter of timelessly proliferating creation,

Goddamned are those who surreptitiously plot against mankind; ghoulishly wishing to bombard each of its scintillatingly righteous fraternity; with coffin houses of uxoriously depraving slavery,

Goddamned are those who spit at the old; cold-bloodedly extricate them out of their

ostentatious homes; as infidel pieces of amorphous shit,

Goddamned are those who immutably want bad for every section of humanity; lunatically desirous of replenishing their torn pockets; with their comrade's

blood; bone and vibrant life,

Goddamned are those who pathetically squander the landscapes of gorgeously uninhibited freedom; abominably whipping the ailingly weak to scrub the

distortedly squalid floors of their; demonic retreat,

Goddamned are those who don't listen to the voices of their immortal heart; falling like uncontrollably wavering mincemeat; for every non-existent trace of lecherously evil around their souls,

Goddamned are those who iconoclastically torch their own wives; tawdrily rejoice with baselessly libidinous maidens; even as their own children begged discordantly on the sordidly imbecile streets,

Goddamned are those who blatantly lie; forlornly maneuvering their way through a mortuary of countless sins; just to save their sordidly trembling and corpulently stinking skin,

Goddamned are those who maliciously rebuke their parents; licentiously overpowering their every sparkling trace of compassion; to manifest their

hideously tainted goals in life,

Goddamned are those who uncouthly snatch the stick of the debilitatingly old; just in order to extra fortify their already glittering foundations of gold and sanctimonious silver,

Goddamned are those who lividly kick when asked for desperate help; drowning themselves in whirlpools of bombastic cigar smoke and ravenous chicken; even as

immaculate urchins were being torturously stoned to veritable death outside,

And Goddamned are those who lethally snap the wings of perpetual love; cast their vindictively demented eyes upon its exotically everlasting fabric; breathe each

inconsequential breath of their existence; to bawdily squelch vibrant life .

39. ONE DAY

Even if it takes an infinite liftetimes; an unsurpassable decade of overwhelmingly sweltering days and mercilessly chilly nights; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite mountains; a boundless number of treacherously jagged slopes and acrimoniously deep gorges; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite thunderstorms; fathomlessly unrelenting cloud showers of

treacherously acrid blood rain; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite parasites; satanically pulverizing and indiscriminately marauding monsters; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite wars; lethally penalizing abhorrence and graveyards of salaciously excoriating prejudice; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite gutters; brutally squelching shit and unsurpassable dungeons of criminally unforgiving oppression; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite ghosts; truculently cadaverous spirits trying to gruesomely devour even the most infinitesimal trace of happiness; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite nightmares; an unfathomable graveyard of livid carcasses that jinxed every aspect of existence; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite thrashings; lecherously heinous chains of cold-blooded barbarism and remorseful manipulation; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite abuses; every element of the obnoxiously conventional society assassinating the spirit of uninhibitedly timeless compassion; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite thorns; countless beds of torturously smoldering coal venomously baying trap on every conceivable path of the Universe; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite infernos; incomprehensibly gargantuan maelstroms of gorily scorching lava; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite kicks; a diabolically proliferating populace of dissolute devils decimating every construable constituent of amiability to invisible ash; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite sacrifices; an inexplicably tyrannically coffin of cancerous disease wholesomely asphyxiating every cell of the holistic body; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite dust storms; inexorably terrorizing heat ghastily evaporating the very last trace of blissful civilization burgeoning around; in

between,

Even if it takes an infinite tickings of the grandfather clock; a limitless number of chimes of the indefatigably sweeping long arm; in between,

Even if it takes an infinite mockeries; insurmountably condemning slang raunchily trying to drown the wave of eternal friendship; in between,

And even if it takes an infinite deaths; the depraving dungeons of hell entirely swiping holistic traces of invincible life; in between,

One day we will unite in bonds of immortally sacred marriage; One day we will everlastingly illuminate every cranny of the miserably besieged atmosphere with

the essence of our triumphantly blended breath; O! Yes One day our love will win over every superfluous idiosyncrasy of this planet; with only the Almighty Lord to bless; bless and unassailably bless .

40. EVERY HEART

No two eyes on this Universe were ever the same; with some chasing ingratiatingly bountiful beauty; while some maliciously wandering after the aimlessly slithering and diabolical devil,

No two scalps on this Universe were ever the same; with some sporting a

festoon of exuberantly ravishing hair; while some horrifically sulking under a gutter of dolorously pathetic leeches,

No two skins on this Universe were ever the same; with some as charming

as the fascinatingly colossal skies; while some more lugubriously empty than threadbare bits of preposterously dried charcoal,

No two nose's on this Universe were ever the same; with some as pristinely piquant at profoundly blossoming lotus; while some more abominably expressionless than the

dissolutely pulverized stones,

No two lips on this Universe were ever the same; with some as majestically rubicund as the poignantly scarlet rose; while some more pretentiously snobbish than

the lackadaisically withering leaf,

No two ears on this Universe were ever the same; with some celestially deciphering even the most infinitesimally diminutive of evanescent sound; while some more viciously blending than the demons; with unrelentingly coercing thunderballs of malice,

No two chins on this Universe were ever the same; with some as resplendently twinkling as the regally enlightening stars; while some more devastatingly shattered than non-existently treacherous and gorily bombarded townships,

No two palms on this Universe were ever the same; with some unflinchingly evolving an intrepidly exhilarating path of their very own; while some more idiosyncratically

dependant on an inconspicuously worthless corpse of crosses and wavering destiny lines,

No two bellies on this Universe were ever the same; with some as tantalizing as the fathomlessly surreal mists of unparalleled heaven; while some more drably corpulent

than the decaying tortoise; spending its entire life nondescriptly staring at the sky and by the riverside,

No two voices on this Universe were ever the same; with some as charismatically philanthropic as the harbingers of humanity; while some more disparagingly stifled than the venomously lurking shadows of the sinister coffins,

No two fingers on this Universe were ever the same; with some as royally

eclectic as the gloriously iridescent and perennially unfurling skies; while some more truculently lambasting than the remorseful scorpions of; sanctimonious lies,

No two tongues on this Universe were ever the same; with some fostering

sweetness as melodious as the marvelously benign nightingale; while some more vengefully bitter than the satanic roots of penalizing hell,

No two minds on this Universe were ever the same; with some unsurpassably fantasizing in the aisles of optimistically enlightening goodness; while some more

sardonic than ghoulishly sodomizing graveyards of emaciating loneliness,

No two personalities on this Universe were ever the same; with some as

blazingly flamboyant as the Omnipotently rising Sun; while some more invidiously blacker than the insipidly dastardly winds of devilish midnight,

No two necks on this Universe were ever the same; with some gustily elongated and enthusing drifting towards the realms of surreally everlasting sensuousness; while some more shorter than miserably squelched cigarette butts and turgidly staring into entrenchments of; bizarre nothingness,

No two shoulders on this Universe were ever the same; with some resiliently towering tall in the face of even the most debilitatingly slaughtering of disaster; while some more disdainfully collapsing than hillocks of bland chalk; under the tiniest draught of ephemeral wind,

No two perspiration on this Universe were ever the same; with some intransigently radiating the scent of assiduously well deserved struggle; while some more

worthless than trashloads of orphaned faeces flying from the lazing monsters roof,

No two shadows on this Universe were ever the same; with some mystically

reinvigorating every acridly barren patch of earth that they caressed with unfathomable cisterns of compassion; while some more ruthlessly propagating the

barriers of religion; caste; creed and color; than the indiscriminately squandering vultures,

No two perceptions were ever the same; with some as wonderfully unprejudiced as the ebullient breeze that embraced one and all alike; while some more grotesquely distorted than the malicious politicians; unworthy cartoon,

No two feet on this Universe were ever the same; with some unassailably

marching on the pathways of irrefutable truth; while some more mercilessly trampling every new life born with their gruesomely bohemian and macabre toes,

No two accents on this Universe were ever the same; with some purisitically coalescing with the rudiments of integral rusticity and originality; while some more

derogatorily feckless than the baying of the uncontrollably sweating pig,

No two appetites on this Universe were ever the same; with some holistically replenishing the harmonious body with the eternally effulgent and symbiotic fruits

of creation; while some more cadaverously ferociously than the lethally snapping crocodiles,

No two thumbs on this Universe were ever the same; with some as stupendously flexible as the aristocratically vacillating season winds; while some more irately rigid than water despicably stagnating in the obsoletely orphaned gutterlines; not prepared the slightest to even budge a mercurial inch,

No two adam's apple on this Universe were ever the same; with some as ebulliently frolicking as the intriguingly blooming fairies in crimson sky; while some more hideously solitary than the forlorn ghost; wailing the cry of death as even the most blessed of water synergistically slurped down the slavering throat,

No two postures on this Universe were ever the same; with some as bountifully streaming into newness as the morning Sun God; while some more fetidly mourning

infinite feet beneath the earth; than what worms could be,

No two signatures on this Universe were ever the same; with some ubiquitously depicting the patriotic persona with unprecedentedly unlimited pride; while some

fading into mortuaries of indescribable oblivion; even as the first droplets of nimble rain pelted down from the velvety sky,

But every heart on this Universe is; was and would be always the same; as each beat that it immortally diffused; each resonation profusely fulminating from its inner most core; each beautiful dream that it timelessly throbbed for; unconquerably bonded with the boundless sky of love; love and only everlasting love .

## The End .
